i too like dafoe as an actor but i wasted a few hour of my life
it is a waste of time.emraan can act
but was really pathetic in this film ,
it was just really bad.celina is just another pretty face with no lack of talent what so ever
but could have done better.what a waste of time .
please buy the great music
to share their world.it is a real great movie and worst a rent
with that i was sick with bronchitis and too weak
it is too terrible for word ,
avoid .
the cast are not too bad ,
the film has terrible sound effect
and it ridiculously pondering at time -
sadly
an intimate play lives on the capability of its actor and unfortunately only half of the cast delivered .
while alexandra staden did an excellent job as modesty blaise
he fails to build up an atmosphere of anxiety
that hollywood 's greatest pastime is navel-gazing ,
but these person are either too despicable or too boring
that possibly the three woman did show some redeeming characteristic .
-- 8/10 --
it is also got a doozy of a plot twist ... and a very ambiguous moral message .
too bad director bill paxton had to go hire himself to star ... oh well ... .still a devil of a good rent .
a bad rip-off attempt on `` seven ''
awful camera work
half-baked story and strong aftertaste of lame propaganda .
as a late steven seagal.the singer woman with the crazy eye is best
( although she was the best performer in the movie )
-- and the statistic are that lack of exercise and bad diet cause more pain
but the gore is less then mediocre ,
and fails both as artistic device
( because it is pointless )
because it is not gory enough.do not waste time on this one .
unbelievably bad !
the script was dreadful
apparently byron was `` mad bad and dangerous to know '' ,
some of them bad
a few awful .
but the dialogue in the film is much worse
when you see the horrible frolic and song
seriously it is not that great its not that bad .
its a stupid cult classic with so many fricken fan boy
it is ridiculous .
how old or annoying it gets .
trying to be funny .
its okay to love a bad movie ,
but you still got ta admit its a bad movie.wait for the marine starring john cena
so they fired him and hired another director.this usually does not work well ( let 's remember the invasion ) .but the flock resulted to be better than what i expected.it is not a great film but it is an interesting and entertaining thriller.the character development is very well done and i could know the character very well.also
when she meets the right man.the wishy-washy weakness and gullibility of every other character make the plot unconvincing in the extreme ,
this truly funny movie has a zany cast of character
funny love story .
the family name of the two family are part of the fun .
a very refreshing story
this scene ranks way up there with the best of them
lady wife spends much of her time knitting thing for the poor unfortunate
but the hand of noel coward looms large right across this picture.he was a funny and clever man ,
play about poor little rich girl and boy
jeremy brett is simply the best holme ever ,
narrowly edging out the great basil rathbone of course ,
and this is probably the best adaptation of a conon-doyle short story.a length adaptation includes some new plot strands
and heightens the hatred one feel for milverton.excellent performance all round
and both brett and hardwick fully rounded and comfortable in their role makes this a superb piece of drama .
is funny as well as great as alvin sander .
even mike epps is funny as alvin 's other stevie .
both him and jamie had some funny moment on screen.the
is not a bad movie by a long shot .
its never boring ,
the movie 's plausibility is greatly aided by the playing of the lead
the oppressive atmosphere of se7en is the best comparison i can think of .
although so much of it is excellent of itself ,
the first movie had some iffy dialogue and some weaker acting ,
and put out a solid
thoroughly enjoyable
this is just full of great stuff
the scene in hell are great ,
even the hammy final act of the movie is not as bad as the first one ,
being generally heartwarming and enjoyable in its extremely clich\u00e9 repertoire of family fun movie bliss .
is not that bad here.sound like a good deal to me .
all the song are great ,
and does not need stupid make-up
who falls in love with beautiful and the bold princess vera .
this is a really fun
enjoyable
a mediocre
i loved video
the flow of the film works perfectly and editing was very well done .
.so overall i rate it a 9/10 .
sorry for bad grammar or spelling .
i enjoyed `` american movie '' ,
if you are merely going to examine tediousness
tediousness
this noir may not be the best remembered film from the era ,
but it features a great mystery plot
the common noir atmosphere and some good performance from its lesser known cast member .
and the two agree to a 'no string attached ' night of fun .
luckily for him his beautiful female employee gets on the case ...
and unlike many of the better known noir ,
( which is amazing considering the unlikely plot line )
phantom lady is surely one of the greatest and most under-seen noir ever made !
but what is most appealing about this film is the sheer fun
if predictable
set mostly in toronto the cue are subtle ,
the script is a totally incoherent and unbalanced mess ,
the special effect are only special in that they are especially pathetic ,
that these movie are only rarely the place
and top notch acting.but still.b-movie often have some redeeming feature
the only laughs in cradle to fear lie in the ridiculous performance .
but absolutely zero rock 'n roll.i rate this one 1/10 ,
arkin and the supporting cast was superb .
one of my all time favorites ! !
i enjoyed seeing a lot of familiar faces ! ! !
that was fun .
michael keaton has always been a favorite of mine ,
the two of them work wonderfully together .
that they both feel bad
because it is genuinely funny ,
it was great to see some of my favorite star of 30 year ago
they looked quite wonderful .
sadly
i am a big peter bogdanovich fan and i enjoyed his last movie
there was a great difference
but this treatment is not as solid as most of his story on film .
and to makes matter worse
( more boring )
funny
this is no holds barred fun for everyone .
i found it by wonderful accident .
this light hearted comedy should be enjoyed for entertainment value .
it gets quite hysterically funny at time ,
my favorite is grace 's white pimp suit
this is definitely one of my favorite film of all time.*spoiler ! ! !
mr. cornbluth 's self-indulgent tirade quickly become more annoying than 15 jason alexander in the same room .
because of the charm of the much-loved central character
and for older viewer there are some funny gag .
the best scene were those
a clash between modern technology and mythic beasts.instead i got a standard `` monster hunt stupid person in remote building '' flick
with bad script
bad effect
bad plot
bad acting .
bad
bad
bad.only reason
why i did give it a 2 was that in theory there could exist worse movie .
but this is undoubtedly the worst movie ,
the acting was bad ,
great movie
it gives it a bad name ,
bad acting
bad screenplay etc .
were as horror is my all time favorite ,
although unfortunately another murder has to take place
but `` publish or perish '' is a fraction more tense and unpredictable .
superb performance throughout
person die every day due to unjust action and horrible crime
committed by bad
and waste their time with this sad
but they are all about as bad as this one .
in which the message for its viewer was
the movie is a great portrayal of family
she does a perfect job .
and badly wants to teach again .
this can always be illuminated by light and joy ... a vow to cherish is a wonderful movie
what fidelity is as well it once again proved to me how beautiful it is to live and believe .
sadly he was killed on a movie location
not an ounce of honest fun in the whole tepid package .
it sounds stupid
because i would not have wanted to waste money renting it .
compared with koyaanisqatsi this movie seemed slow and pointless .
the third movie in this series will not follow the example of this waste .
person so boring and nondescript
coming across as a totally sympathetic person
which he does superbly ,
she is simply incredible .
she portrays a very unsympathetic woman ,
she is wonderfully supported by old pro patrick malahide ,
has become a much less sympathetic type of person
played with great depth and originality by actress sarah smart .
who could have been insufferably tedious
rory kinnear is amazingly convincing as an apparently hopeless fellow
a superb performance is given by lucinda dryzek ,
and turns out to be pathetic ,
but that is conveyed to wonderful effect by lee massey as the boy and tyler anthony as the girl .
that she was wasted here .
the series manages to be strangely fascinating
heaton show great intimacy toward spike .
and how he takes great care in writing spike 's name on the top of his letters.one thing i have noticed
as a derogatory term.i really enjoyed this film .
the performance were generally excellent
are excellent portrayal of life with cp .
most highly recommended .
why richard dreyfuss is one of the greatest actor of our era ,
the best anime cartoon ever made .
its best not giving the story away
the acting is great
that the plot never gets boring for person
it has some great lesson in it and shows us
an incredible film .
but coming out best in the end is very true to real life .
the only minor criticism is why is the main girl in these film always beautiful ?
that holly would have met the perfect guy of her dream
we can have fun even so .
sid is a stupid sloth
when i saw this movie i felt down ... fool story.. nude actress.. bad action.. some horror and awful colors.. dear friend..
if you wan na see a great egyptian movie ...
we have great movie in egypt ...
we have a great actor
omar el sheriff or gameel rateb.. we have great director like `` yousef shahin ''
this clunker of a film sets a new standard for bad filmmaking .
jared rushton gives an adequate performance of a very poorly-created character in an ill-fated movie ,
thereby creating a net effect of a very bad movie .
unfortunately it turns into a bizarre collage of random `` survival event ''
a terrible movie
this is easily the most disappointing
least gratifying movie of the entire so-called blacksploitation genre ,
we generally enjoy a great deal in our home .
unfortunately
`` they are ten time worse
unfortunately
as though they had some admirable quality or redeeming value ;
as one would treat a glowing puddle of nuclear waste !
there is no single film in the entire blacksploitation era
because of famine and to this day the greatest man
and let`s not forget the great famine in the horn of africa in the 1980s and 90s
and of having person sleep in stairwell is somewhat laughablebut don`t be fooled into thinking soylent green is a pile of corny tree hugging crap
because i consider this to be the best ecological film of the70 .
the tampax\u00ae box was the funniest thing in this segment .
robert culp has several funny moment ,
it was still better than listening to the dialogue in this painfully dull `` story .
who needs retirement *badly* '' movie .
then they discuss how boring the young cop is .
about how boring he is .
that was as boring
as this description of how boring it is .
and john glover are perfectly cast
and it was truly a disappointing experience.this version takes a different approach to several aspect of the play
it started out slow after an excellent animated intro ,
and is growing up to be a beautiful woman .
which might not be such a bad thing .
and i was surprised by the whole cast and its superb acting .
but you will experience a wonderful catharsis !
you may be a cripple in the poor suburb of dublin ,
the worst thing
but it did not i mean it was horrible ,
this typically melodramatic bollywood film has inexplicably become a favorite of western critic .
for watching this soap opera are the wonderful song
but lacks the competency to execute either task well .
i am not sure what was meant to be funny about this movie ,
i do not find it funny to watch moron
i am not a fan of jerry springer 's pathetic daytime talk show .
to see a bad movie ,
that this film has taken the unt of a lot of insult .
but it was not that bad .
it was a bad film .
( they should have added more funny bit
it could have been a great film .
-- is it in the top 10 worst ?
the third one probably explains this movie best .
who else but christopher walken would play in this no matter how bad ,
but this is not bad .
he is alway enjoyable to watch no matter
how bad the movie is .
at best it is below average .
it was not too horrible .
if not for christopher walken and it stupid ridiculous ending i would have given it a lower rating .
not completely horrible but i would not really recommend it though
because it is a very forgettable movie .
i would like to comment the series as a great effort .
then you would be best advised to look elsewhere .
is perfect in this role ,
which rate a 7/10 in my book .
there is absolutely no reason to stop yourself from running down to the local tv station with a can of gasoline and a flamethrower and sending every copy of this mutt howling back to hell .
except.. except for the wonderful comic sty ling of larry joe campbell
america 's greatest comic character actor .
aside from being funny ,
that ben and arthur is quite simply the worst film i have ever sat through in my life .
urbania and normal are all example of excellent gay title
one of my favorite subject
despite my previously disappointing purchase of another culture q connection title
that film was pretty bad ,
was totally ridiculous .
this film almost made me sympathetic to the christian right \u0096
the writing is so poor
and the acting is so bad
that understanding the script only serves to make you more aware of how bad this film truly is .
before they waste their money on it .
this was the worst movie i
she was reading out of a boring text book .
were so annoying
it was just horrible .
i just wasted a moment in my life
that these boring character personally witnessed every significan not moment of the 1960
this movie was still unbelievably awful .
it looked like someone 's bad home movie .
poorly acted
funny and entertaining ) my grade :
acting is horrible .
interested despite the extremely weak and far fetched story .
do not waste your time renting or even downloading it .
calling it a film is a travesty and insult .
awful
dreadful
lousy
obnoxious
terrible
the best are the those
this is a great directorial debut for karyn kusama
there is not a bad scene or a lame/contrived moment in the film .
girlfight is a great movie .
and the movie looks great
but unfortunately i was quite disappointed .
i remember great acting
are honourable and admirable adaptation of dicken ' great novel .
it is not perfect ,
i was impressed the cinematography was amazing
the frame close to perfection and the way
that sound more like a dreadful bore is beyond be.the film
fantastic direction !
an amazing film .
based on ray russell 's dark bestseller
it is not perfect .
racist song are funny ,
-- the second time around an episode is fairly funny ,
it is boring.still ,
very funny .
but the next second they are complaining at how stupid and self absorbed they are .
they are the most dysfunctional band .
always thinking himself as a music messiah ,
its amazing how many instrument
there is never a dull moment in dig ! .
ondi timoner has done a great job of piecing together one of the best music documentary
to reveal a great story of a successful failure.you wont
be disappointed .
unfortunately the only spoiler in this review is that there is nothing to spoil about that movie.even
that made him a fun eurotrash director .
just as bad as an 90't.v film.it is even worse than his last cannibal and zombie epics.so rest in peace bruno ,
thank to such unforgettable gem as :
and have fun .
what is the worst this movie can offer you :
unoriginal and thousand-times-made plot of terrorist who are trying to nuke us by smuggling nuke on us soil or perhaps that `` great '' dialog and chuck word of wisdom about life and everything else .
someone may find the worst
that is kinda annoying .
the chief terrorist send his comrade message through the medium
and the whole action in capturing chief is just ridiculous .
but that is even more funny than the plot .
i could write a book about all the stupid thing in this movie ,
the director is becoming ridiculously predictable .
and sharman joshi is the best .
that tended to be a bit tedious .
a `` shocking '' but predictable ending conclude this extremely strange film ...
and seems to take it self awfully seriously for what ends up being such an unintentionally hilarious film about a chick boning a rat-bear .
that is unless you like dull dialog and some graphic horse sex
but the beast sex scene is so strange and such a refreshing change from the rest of the film ,
also recommended to any fan of 70's/80 's sleaze films -
8/10
arguably you can not spoil a film this poor ,
there is an awful lot of style over very little substance :
unfortunately the style has not dated too well in the eight year since its release .
a remotely meaningful or relevant argument fails to materialise .
but his effort do not sufficiently detract from the poor script and bizarre casting
the technicolor in each was incredibly beautiful !
as the best fantasy film ever made .
the thief of bagdad again has the wonderful technicolor look to it on a dvd
and a beautifully done original theatrical trailer .
( to replace to poor public domain print in circulation )
unfortunately i could not watch it to the end
and can say good bye to him and forget those terrible dream forever.there were a few thing i
why did you have to put such a stupid radio on the wall ?
i give it a 8/10 .
this has to be the worst movie
the acting was awful ,
the direction was the worst i
movie veteran and former child actor russ tamblyn was a awful bad-guy
- 2/10rating as a kid movie :
- 3/10 at the best !
this movie was bad from the start .
the acting was horrible .
the killing were acted out very badly .
one it was horrible acting
so stupid .
boring
and when it picked up it was still boring .
4/10 just because the acting was good from the parent especially vera farmiga as the mother
there is a great episode
the movie just pile on one boring subplot after another .
and the gag are boring as well .
it is pretty funny .
on the snl sketch and played out tediously for a whole hour and twenty-five minute .
ferrell has some funny moment ,
and try to make the best out of an otherwise unfunny role .
and he is funny at almost anything he does .
-- as if the script is not boring enough .
in which snl can produce a great movie out of a short sketch .
( instead of his really funny stand-up ) .
this is one of the great american classic .
i gave it an 8/10
funny story line ,
the resulting film is very dull .
the transfer on 'follow the fleet ' is a tad weaker .
the acting is stunningly wonderful .
brad pitt is simply superb as the errant son
robert redford creates a wonderful period piece from the day of speakeasy of the 1920s .
the scenery is incredibly beautiful of the mountain and stream of western montana .
this movie was seriously awful .
the acting was the worst !
it was worse than a student film .
the worst actor was the old lady .
i have seen older movie with way better acting and such.the music was terrible to .
the editing was poor
it was just laughable .
hardcastle and mccormick is an excellent tv show .
it is predictable much like the duke of hazzard
which adds a great deal of humor to the show .
the first 45 minute of dragon fighter are entirely acceptable and surprisingly watchable .
the finish is incredibly weak .
but it really was more disappointing than that ,
it has all the thing a great hollywood film has :
paul muni was a great actor ,
stillm its a great film ,
( although some of the dialog is a bit lame )
'' i found it a poor attempt to meld symbolic element and mood immortalized in film like `` last year at marianbad '' and `` un chien andalou . ''
the plot is pretty bad ,
to do so would be like watching a porn for incredible script writing and acting .
because it is so incredibly bad - sorry folk ,
but definitely one of the worst movie i have ever seen ...
that person gather together and shoot cheap movie ,
but that is by far the best this film has to offer ...
great western i hear you all say !
brilliant first effort !
great western or indeed good film of any genre have character
the acting was poor to say
making the whole film pointless .
a great western or even just an enjoyable hour and a half
one of the earliest and best international color release of cinematic opera ,
hence the visual substitution of the beautiful principal
an enchanting introduction to one of verdi 's great work .
who might appreciate the great music
and unfortunately for audience did not appear in any other film .
and candle was a favorite of mature actress to do in summer stock
as he walked on stage.the play was adapted successfully into a beautiful color film starring kim novak
the movie is load of fun .
jack lemmon is very funny in a supporting role as gillian 's other
janice rule is perfect as the snobby ex-college rival of gillian
and ernie kovacs has a great turn as an eccentric
are always wonderful ,
and great if you feel like smiling .
-- cracking bad joke all the way.the original `` sleepaway camp '' was a vicious and nasty splatter film
with the sole exception of springsteen and higgin the acting is lousy
boring and sick with a stupid plot
pointless nudity and bad gore .
this film has a weak plot
weak characterization ,
if this movie were not so bad
it would be laughable ,
the main antagonist is one of the only redeeming character ,
because he is the best one to cheer for .
or never funded at all .
but nonetheless great !
i do not have this movie here on my list of all-time favorite ,
it was funny ,
had some very enjoyable sequence
this is another gem of a stand up show from eddie izzard .
9/10 .
this early biograph short was so much fun to watch .
( highly recommended )
it features three excellent performance by the main lead ,
it is kind of incredible
the best moment comes at the end .
spacecamp is my favorite movie .
it is a great story
and also inspires others.the acting was excellent
a close friend of the late pilot.i was the technical review last year for national bsa for the boy scout astronomy merit badge and i still find spacecamp a great movie
and one of the best trait of these film is that they do not really degrade in quality from one film to the next .
sudden impact lacks a bit of the 70 's feel
this is bad is beyond me .
i loved this show
please ignore the bad comment and please watch the whole first season
that it is bad
in order to avoid confusion ,
just plain awful .
the whole idea rest somewhere between mere stupidity and reckless fascism .
essentially and extremely boring and emotionless ,
for being really stupid .
the villain is also very bad
they are not a factor in the movie at all and their scene is rather pointless .
you should avoid this movie
unless you come across it for really cheap .
the interaction between nandini and her father in law - the power of their dysfunctional relationship - and the life
compared to the believable desperation of karisma kapoor .
that the great genius orson welle could direct a `` mainstream '' movie
widely agreed to be one of the greatest scene in the history of film .
it alone is worth the cost of a rental.the sweet surprise was the superb
acting by the beautiful rita hayworth .
her acting during the beginning and middle of the film is so excellent ,
even the great mr. welle .
for such a great classic tale
grendel was disappointing .
i blame the script
and it unfortunately shows .
i would blame it on the actor but ...
a george clooney star vehicle unfunny un-originaland yes i know ,
here is why.there is not a bad performance in the film .
the funny part are funny .
not a dull moment of dialogue the cinematography is fresh and yes beautiful .
if film 's as original and funny as this were pumped out as often as multi-million piece of s**t ,
valentine is now one of my favorite slasher film .
marley shelton did great as the female lead
she was horrible in this .
and it is beautifully shot by ann t. rosetti
and wonderfully written
and serve as a rare kind of role model/inspiration for butch dyke and tranny everywhere .
the best butch buddy movie of all time !
and a couple of section looked bad ,
surprisingly
has all kind of fascinating scene of studio
t. rama rao made some extremely beautiful film in the 1980s ,
are not bad
anil kapoor generally acts convincingly his two role of a father and his son ,
but the flawed script often makes him look funny and pathetic .
she makes the best
nothing great at all .
not bad
occasionally stupid .
the script is terrible ,
and no part of their performance is enjoyable to watch .
i spied this short on a dvd of best new zealand short ,
all great but the french door was amazing .
the french door has all the hallmark of a great feature ,
never the less a great ending
loved it and well done and thank for the ride .
sam neill is excellent as michael chamberlain
( or bad )
that person are just as prejudiced and stupid elsewhere
because the australian public does not believe the story and the medium only fans the flame .
8/10 .
i loved the first two movie ,
but this movie was just a waste of time and money
why they made this horrible movie .
are ridiculous .
joe pesci and daniel stern in the first two movie were so funny ,
but the terrorist in this one are so stupid and not funny .
me this movie is just a waste of time .
and i simply did not find it funny at all .
abc is playing a lot of stupid show nowaday
all the character on this show are pretty bad actor ,
and script are pretty horrible
but seeing as how abc is doing pretty horrible for quality of show
the absolute worst
this movie is so bad
instead of this movie being all about an pathetic excuse for a coming out story ,
and please note there are many many many more flaw and appallingly stupid aspect to this lame flick ,
that this was worst than rock on !
so-so story horrible cast ajay devgan jamming with salman khan and asin
the music was okay khanabadosh was the track of the movie
the rest was bad !
but she suck*d big time in this movie seriously bad acting
i and the majority of american watching this were hypnotized by its badness .
but that does not mean it has to be so bad .
who is completely unfunny
who does lame bullwinkle impression
but the horrible actor known as the olsen twin .
poor baby !
( another in the bad movie police series )
exist.i could go on and on about how awful it is ,
but its the sort of awful that makes life worth living .
the acting terrible
makes for some very late night fun .
sudden impact is indeed enjoyable entertainment .
that it does overshadow the incredibly racist message of the film .
and there with local ruler under a weak mogul emperor
completely suited to their personalities.best acting role in the film however is eduard ciannelli as the guru
when he is on.favorite scene in gunga din is ciannelli exhorting his troop in their mountain temple .
of gandhi.gunga din is still a great film
entertaining and funny .
which provide for plenty of beautiful picture-postcard perfect shot
the narrative was pretty weak
there were surprisingly dark moment in the movie
the word of the disc jockey.there were some great shot of scenery in this film
and great car chase and a lot of spirituality .
leslie howard 's performance as the weak
but still an excellent movie .
is still some of the greatest acting i
not simply a case of poor acting.what
it is a beautiful thing .
and sooo disappointed afterward ! !
just boring and not scary .
the only redeeming thing i can remember was corky pigeon from silver spoon ,
i have seen bad movie
before and this one has always stuck out in my mind as the worst .
one of the most boring
waste of our collective $ 6
and a waste of film .
not even so bad
jim carrey is terrible ,
there is some stupid christmas lighting competition
and filled with contradictory message .
igor also had the annoying habit of yelling
aside from the bad acting ,
bottom line is do not waste your time watching this movie .
this has to be one of the worst movie i
the horror effect are laughable .
i had to see it.i was bitterly disappointed.this is a wonder woman movie in name only.she does not wear the right costume [
she must have refused to or had ordered major change ] and the plot runs like a poor man 's jame bond.there is none of the thing
the superhuman strength or determined will.it is just one long bad dream.i do not even think
cathy is all that attractive anyway.i would not waste your time on this .
score and a not bad performance by david muir as dr. hackenstein .
not special for any nude scene buff or bad movie lover either .
this film was awful .
without even studying it just laughable .
the relationship between wendy and shin is superficial at best ,
everything about this film is bad .
its bad enough to laugh at and cry over .
it was still a great show with john in it
as i do now.it is too bad
because i would love to see some new material.my favorite character
poor rory is almost always left out .
honestly this is a great show and to any one
`` every-ten-lines-you-get-a-funny-one '' farce and sickie black comedy .
but that is not a weakness of the film .
the acting is incredible .
the two young lead and paxton work great together ,
we get existential angst mixed in with cheap horror .
but each one was canceled out by horrible music
and sadly this is only 98 minutes.the cast was attractive ,
ron livingston was adequate but bland as patrick ,
unfortunately ,
both of these actor were very much forgettable
and did not do their best work in this film.i believe in the film 's message and intention ,
that i enjoyed this film .
revisionist history of the worst kind ,
it left a remarkably bad taste in my mouth.in the march 1989 `` aeroplane monthly '' ,
and because we are simply reading english subtitle inevitably loose some of the subtlety .
that there is a wholly bad miiki film
he is the best hk action film star alive ...
the movie was in most case surprisingly good with the great actor and actress performance .
the actor selection has succeeded perfectly .
he really got beaten badly
perhaps alicia silverstone 's best known effort from early in her film career .
the only disappointment i think
sometimes boring and not very engaging movie ,
but luckily i was wrong.i would have enjoyed it anyway for the neo-noir stuff ,
and is definitely the best fps game
with the disappointing exception of heidi klum ,
willem defoe 's character is a former colleague of christopher walken 's baddie from `` a view to a kill '' .
who loved me ''
the first and best of which proceed in the same fashion a fight in the movie would have.single-player gameplay mainly consists of standard on-foot mission as bond .
unfortunately
and greatly add to the bond movie feeling.there are 3 available difficulty level :
unfortunately ,
`` goldeneye '' still has the best multi-player mode of any bond game .
the final confrontation with the villain is disappointing .
a really bad sequel .
part 1 had a lot of funny moment -
part 2 is just bad
( in a boring way )
the acting is worse than a 2nd grade school play .
technically the movie is awful as well ,
but who can blame the cinematographer/sound guy
it is funny ...
it is one of those fun to watch movie .
the thief of baghdad is one of my ten all-time favorite movie .
it is beautifully filmed and the art direction is flawless .
conrad vieght was such a great actor
with justin and dupree again in `` the four feather '' ... .great film-making !
had a very annoying technique ,
before getting run down by the local badman
before turning out to \u0096 possibly \u0096 be almost as bad as the man he dispatches .
as well as a good script and a surprisingly good
lena nyman has to be most annoying actress in the world .
she acts so stupid and with all the nudity in this film ,
intellectuality has been replaced with stupidity .
2/10 .
i got the dvd very cheap and i am a total drewbie ,
she is looking great ,
stupid
awful ,
this is where it fails .
its almost as its an insult to both black and white person .
then blames his problem on black person
in which after they go back to their boring life
`` being white is bad '' .
if he were to make this awful mess.overall this
is a really bad
bad
just avoid this mess .
beautiful like the night ,
and `` beautiful like the day '' .
a horrible vision of the artist ,
that tries to score cheap thrill
became rather tedious
those flicking scene were highly annoying ... conclusion :
this movie was a major disappointment on direction
this movie was a fascinating look at creole culture and society
raising 8 child during the great depression of 1929 ;
this film is mediocre at best .
angie harmon is as funny as a bag of hammer .
to come out unscathed in this horrible anti-comedy .
to come out of this mess
this movie was so great !
my favorite line in this movie is when logan bartholomew says :
he is such a great actor
and have such a great chemistry !
every precious eath is not to be wasted and squandered.it is in this last third
that took part in it albeit the bland acting ,
our town starts off with what seems a lesson in pointlessness
i greatly enjoyed margaret atwood 's novel 'the robber bride ' ,
i might have enjoyed the movie a lot more .
my favorite run from blue velvet to dr. strangelove to the ghost and mrs. muir thru the wizard of oz and the loved one
and the spy within.the man in the moon is superbly made
beautifully filmed
than spoil the enjoyment or bore you to sobs with my dull prose ,
it is a joy and a gem
and how stupid was it that the two gal followed them there spying on them ?
i regret for wasting my time but at least i did not waste money .
not to get angered by the cheap halloween costume .
there are also display of horrible acting
you can not get a more pathetic scene .
this is the worst
avoid this one at all cost
and it is one of his most beloved of all time .
initially a box office disappointment in its 1986 release ,
which is rumored to have great rich and gem .
this film is an excellent choice ,
is fantastic and gorgeous enough
the overall reworking is fantastic and in many way improve on the original
that really make this dub so much fun
both are perfectly cast
( some of which are pricelessly funny and other somewhat overdone ) --
abysmally acted and poorly written older dub from the late 1980 's ;
it is one of miyazaki 's all-time greatest ,
i was vastly disappointed ,
as my previous experience with sand ' acting was quite enjoyable .
to be desired.even julian sand 's questionable performance could not begin to save this already sunken barge of a movie.it rate a 1.1/10 from ... the fiend : .
that or he is simply bad .
heavy.another example of the how this adaptation fails is by embellishing the story line
imo for the worst
watching this movie was the biggest waste of time and 2 buck for rental in my life .
the dialogue is super-horrible for even a c movie .
he is a bad guy
just that it was supposed to be excellent coming out of age movie
concern about each other.close to leo is an excellent drama ,
.this is often so uproariously funny - with enough absurd line and situation
but ultimately he delivers solid
the climax is especially fun.arlon ober ' music is enjoyably shuddery
and willy curtis 's cinematography creates some really great shot at time .
that ings me to rick baker ' fantastic and convincing makeup effect ,
and laugh to rate it as worth catching for lover of low-grade sci-fi / horror everywhere.8/10
this should get `` best animated short film '' in every one .
this is extremely annoying
if you are sold on the message
i have rarely laughed so hard in my life
and steal the title of 'worst killer clown movie ever made ' from the insufferably stupid full moon fiasco killjoy
and it does not really 'look ' all that bad quality-wise for digital ,
i can not say enough bad thing about the cast
1/10
i loved
i have finally found a movie worse than `` plan 9 from outer space '' .
i actually kind of enjoyed it .
but it is a terrible ending
i was very disappointed .
this film will not only be a waste of your time and money and a huge disappointment ,
but unfortunately missed by a couple of light year .
and also i found it very funny .
ace not only becomes the best man at joe and katsumi 's wedding ,
is fine in his scene with brando and miiko taka shows great restraint in her initial characterization as an anti-american .
sayonara was wonderful educational experience about the '50s mores
who is amazed of the refund
who manages to make a mess of everything .
and they make beautiful music together.the best thing in the film is peter ustinov .
the excellent maggie smith is also at her best with her take on patty
is perfect as the american in charge of the corporation .
`` hot million '' will delight everyone looking for a fun time in the company
as the poorest movie of kurt russell 's career.i have my reasons.firstly
in his it can only be worse .
are many other subtle theme .
was the funeral of steve biko ,
the greatest reward i can honestly say
that is the hallmark of a great film .
to get this message over about south africa .
and i was as disappointed
do not waste your money on ticket .
that completely fails to capture the original adventure 's spirit .
the movie manages to be predictable throughout ,
and is plagued by some extremely bad acting and terribly disappointing fight sequences.all in all
a terrible addition to the already quite bad collection of movie
to make such an awful film
it was not only boring ,
the actor were awful as well .
it was one of the worst movie i
and the visual explosion with those dance was a true work of a creative genius and a great artist .
it quickly became one of my favorite !
have given this great film
( not much great coming in ) .
how this movie slipped past me -i love lucy liu and jeremy northam is great too .
i would have given this film 10/10 ,
it deserves a perfect score.lucy liu is beautiful and mysterious
he is got a great bond posture and voice .
as well.great film and definitely this movie-buff recommends it to be seen at least once
( played solidly enough by gretchen mol )
t.n.b.p is day-glo fun ride through an evocative depiction of the 1950 's where page
carefree and fun - even the bondage shot betray little more than a good humoured incomprehensibility .
avoiding
it is not bad ,
and the normally great watts and rush .
it is neither good enough nor bad enough to be entertaining .
_undertow_ is pointless and unengaging ,
when someone ings up the category of worst film
what a complete waste of time
horrible script
annoyingly hectic camera
awfully edited
gruesomely badly acted .
it is less painful and more fun than this movie !
the director behind the excellent night of the doomed some year earlier .
which stops the film from becoming boring .
whom cult fan will remember from a whole host of excellent cult flick .
but not many as bad as this .
that makes fun of fat person ,
has bad actor ,
is not funny and much more .
called funny part
is as funny as throughing py in the faces of person
! do not waste your money on this movie !
it is probably his best performance from what i have seen all though i have not seen all of his movie
penelope cruz gives a solid performance and jason lee was enjoyable.i like the story ,
happiness.many person were disappointed
all the more powerful.and the music in the movie is great .
it is probably what makes the movie as enjoyable as it is .
which is an amazing song.all in all ,
and a great story for those
five beautiful girl
his trademark include subtle deaththreat disguised as valentine card
it is up there with some of my other favorite .
it is funny
marley shelton and david boreanaz are a lot of fun .
she perfected in urban legend 2.
the soundtrack is great
but fun nonetheless.the twist at the end was not that big of a surprise
10/10
he is a fantastic introduction to the art form no bone about it
are down right bad and boring .
terrible acting
terrible plot
terrible effect .
the crocodile was awful
and as for the stupid sex/killing scene all in one ,
that was a bad move from the word go .
fun time and
the cast and crew did an excellent job .
scott glenn should have received an oscar for best supporting actor .
it is without doubt one of the worst movie ever .
however the scenery is beautiful ,
as it is a waste of your time
but this has got to be the poorest attempt
this `` random-clips-of-obviously-fake-and-tacky-violence-and-an-ugly- woman-trying-to-act-sexy-edited-poorly-together '' is not worth watching.watching this is about as interesting watching as some random family 's holiday picture ,
and tell him to make a movie.terrible .
it barely lasted two week in theater anyway.bad acting ,
bad writing ,
and moodiness best describes the actor ' interpretation and direction of the terrible script.this movie is best enjoyed after consuming a couple of alcoholic beverage and in the company of your wittiest friend .
richard gere is great in this film as the passionate agent/detective
the story is great ,
and there is never a dull scene
this is one of the best political thriller ever made .
anyway i loved the first major league
and was not funny the first time ,
because his character is so weak .
but it is a fun ride with one of the best music scores on record .
`` johnny yuma '' is probably one of the best of the genre
without being a total bad guy .
sadly
but it is extremely predictable
( 2/10 )
he has loved all of his life.this
it is an accurate depiction of most persons ' life in that era - even on the poorest bradford estate .
but that would be doing a great disservice to the plumbing industry .
it is a poor film with a poor script
and it is a heck of a lot of fun to view and in my opinion
and an annoying aunt named gussie
it is probably just the weakest part of the script .
this is a fun film
i was utterly disappointed by this movie .
i would rate his performance 6/10.acting :
6/10 direction is 5/10 .
script is the worst :
2/10 .
pretty poor firestarter clone
that seems more like a bad tv movie than a bad feature film .
how disappointing for this to come from hooper and dourif ! government contractor do a human experiment with a hydrogen bomb .
also ridiculous is fire
tom capano.kathryn morris is sympathetic as victim
( excellent )
8/10 .
that this is one of the best movie i
the director/ writer and actor did an amazing job .
it was great
i loved it !
unfortunately
without ( not that it was bad music ,
this is not a bad movie ...
the story is not bad ... .
but it was just to long and thin on story ... too bad .
`` direct to dvd '' typically is synonymous with cheap
yet funny little film .
laugh-out loud fun .
has a great energy and screen presence .
the film is also loaded with great movie reference for those
it is very funny indeed - in contrast to what lot of `` official '' review want you to believe .
and play their part beautifully - in fact ,
the movie is a fantastic parody of the typical bank robbery plot -
the title of the film is one of the best i have ever come across ,
it was excellent - such strong and compelling character
that it inspired the also excellent canadian drama `` trader '' .
its a treat to watch the series again.season 1 is 13 episode and season 2 seems to be 10 episode.unfortunately ,
after 2 seasons.this series was a lot of fun.sometime
`` it is funny and sad !
maybe compared to other bollywood movie this deserves a 7.5/10 ,
and the song are not all that great .
that is the least bit subtle
the stupid comic relief complete with laugh track was not funny or necessary
but it just got tedious .
that is amusing and heartwrenching and the best way
i spent more time laughing at the stupidity of the movie than the part
that were supposed to be funny .
neither of which rank high in the cagney credits.one of the great loss to cinema is the fact
where this is going.the most disappointing thing about something
and far from errol flynn 's best
the location and beautiful technicolour cinematography
and the story seems awfully contrived and cliche ' by today 's standard .
many person have also compared it to one of the all time great
this is my favorite jackie chan movie and in an interview ,
it was his favorite as well .
as some very funny scene as well .
this movie was a favorite of brandon lee ,
the story immediately jump into a fantastic chase through a shanty town
( who is one of the greatest villain in any jackie chan movie . )
you can expect some very funny scene
jackie is at his absolute best here .
the last fight scene at the mall is my favorite fight scene by anyone - period .
one of his greatest stunt he ever did
another chan classic and definitely one of his greatest movie .
that are so bad ,
that so bad
its just bad .
a perfect example
i made fun of them it
i found the story pretty damn funny .
elisabeth - wonderful !
whoopi - great !
robert downey - refreshing to see him back
it was funny ,
it had a great cast
that a horror movie is terrible ?
the devil god is a large black man with a terrible case of pink eye.one of the `` freakiest '' momants in the film
starts screaming for minute on and on ( that is actually funny )
because the movie is just bad ...
and is completely original and unpredictable .
robert stack and dorothy malone- robert stack was terrible- just bloody horrible-
the plot was stupid
somehow dorothy malone won an oscar for best supporting actress-
although her campy tramp character was boring- think
forced and the end result was a waste of 99 minute .
the worst digger in the clan was a pompous ,
bonzai and ed arrived and nearly killed poor uncle max .
it was beautiful :
it was too ridiculous and silly .
being funny
just annoying .
robert guillame as rafiki .
because it is far too ridiculous and frivilous .
it would at least be aesthetically beautiful .
and boring .
it seems to be a perfect day for swimming .
unfortunately it happens
a bad ending
the annoying child
who enjoy watching b grade bad movie
from a to b. this makes the film tedious in the extreme and the expected blood and gore payoff just never happens .
lar von trier woke film noir from the dead ,
and you can make it look stupid or realistic .
9/10 .
bruce almighty was enjoyable .
like this movie was a poor attempt at re-creating liar liar.on a positive note ,
somewhat funny comedy .
that the male lead is not bad to look at surely helped ) ,
then as the middle came in i understood the boring stuff
it had about 3 of these pointless scene ,
it was not so boring but still a little dull .
oh and as a note rosario dawson still did a great job .
okay moving on so finally after an hour of pointlessness to the middle
i did not feel bad for him or nothing
that to me is the mark of a great movie .
the emotional message of the movie were totally felt .
what fun !
buford 's beach bunnies gives b-grade tanda films a bad name .
thing go from bad to worse ,
begins a turbulent and heavy sexual affair with his beautiful co-worker ,
we thought was excellent ,
in spite of all the bad thing
makes a great contribution to the film with her elsa .
one of the best argentine actor plays the small part of simon .
1st watched 12/7/2002 - 3/10
even my kid did not seem to care for this boring `adventure ' in the make-believe .
that a great part of the audience was too badly educated in the area
to comprehend the incredible gap between the message conveyed in the film
but pitt is amazing ,
and skerritt is perfectly cast as the father .
it is a perfect movie for anyone
this movie is one of the worst comedy movie i
all these new comedy are just horrible .
he can bounce back from this awful movie .
and will arnetts character is just plain bad .
the plot is truly the worst ever written .
rarely missing the mark ;
which is the worst of this year-
that the film will be a boring dhoom 2 style film ,
only it would be a bad film
it was even worst then dhoom 2 and what i expected first saif 's introduction
which is boring then saif- kareena meet ,
but then the film became more boring and with all the outdated stuff childhood romance
overdose of childish rajnikant style action scene and all boring scene
kareena is equally bad anil kapoor ham outrageously and spoils the show
and moved by the ave little boy and the beautiful eagle .
there was also the most annoying thing
it was awful
but that about sum up why this movie was a terrible adaption :
anything less is just pointless.if you loved the book ,
however some of the acting is just about awful
annoying side plot have become part of the story
all in all its a great show but not perfect .
the beautiful vega
as well as a funny bit with jonah hill
and i absolutely loved this movie .
and will be a favorite .
this is the worst attempt on a batman series .
the gospel of lou was a major disappointment for me .
that it was a great and inspirational movie .
it was neither great nor inspirational .
that is bad in his life ,
it is a great movie .
the movie is great ,
were the best actor i have been seen in a long time .
one of the best record of israel 's response to the murder of rabin.extremely true and natural ,
dudley moore is fantastic in this largley unknown classic .
this was an excellent idea
and the scenery was beautiful
but the casting was great in my opinion .
which was more annoying than anything else .
i absolutely loved the film though ,
and came out thinking 'wow'.refreshingly down to earth ,
with nicole and chaplin working against each other beautifully .
the humour is subtle ,
with some great 'office'-like scene at the bank ,
brit-filmmaking at its best ...
( 9/10 )
this was not all that great .
not terrible or hateful or anything ,
just forgettable.it had a sort of
so we were left with weak mix of the three .
in a been-done-before-but-still-funny sort of way.and i thought
and probably came out the most sympathetic character in the whole film.all in all
not great though .
and that is how the greatest comedy of tv started !
monica 's search for the `` perfect guy ''
( there is no perfect guy ,
i have loved airplane and flying .
it is absolutely amazing and i plan
it really is great for child and adult
what a waste of a talented cast and some great-looking set and costume .
it was funny .
it is sick humor at best .
the best use for this movie is for person
bad acting
bad over-acting
bad special effect
bad
bad
bad .
that is not only annoying but definitely fills out the empty spot ,
definitely avoidable
unfortunately badly told .
the light and color filter are sometimes badly chosen .
but the best actress is the landlady .
i enjoyed this film very much.tobey maguire gives a terrific performance as jake .
he has got to be one of the best actor i
one of the all time best ever .
beautiful and touching movie .
great setting
the woman in black is fantastic in all aspect .
this film starts off as a reasonably solid and interesting ghost story .
arthur attends the funeral
amitabh 'babban ' bachchan plays the role of a psycho villain to the best
but the award for the `` worst performance and any role till date '' must go to nisha kothari .
this flick reminds me some really bad science-fiction movie from 50 's and 60's.it is not scary or interesting ,
but it is dull
cheesy and stupid.special effect are laughable ,
and the ending is simply awful.do not waste your money ,
better.i give it 3.5/10
because of its stupidity ) .
can be truly bad .
but rarely a movie worth
the movie is not perfect .
is one of the greatest director of all time
directing two of the greatest actor of all time
the beloved
but those interested in watching an excellent
( the best movie ever about holocaust )
and enjoyed the film
he was wonderful here
-- she apparently killed some horrible guy .
as he can.glenda farrell is an awful person .
really bad and alcoholic hamster !
she is pretty funny
i loved her drinking from a hot water bottle
amazingly
good '' movie is perfection of its genre .
`` enchanted april '' is one of the best movie ever made and my eternal love .
`` the hurt locker '' has won more `` best picture '' award from the critic group than any other film this year .
but the worst part was that
because it has a cheap ,
usually undervalued western import his film noir persona
'man with the gun ' is one of his best .
for she finds `` young catherine '' to be a great film and historically accurate .
that she was not `` great
like `` peter the great '' in 1986
is one more example of how badly russia is portrayed in the west .
this is a wonderful movie in a lot of way .
everyone in my family enjoyed it .
the animation is excellent and easily demonstrates
`` spirit '' was a great eath of fresh air .
i have loved disney for year
`` spirit '' is another example of great animated fare .
the film has a perfect opportunity for laugh
but surprisingly wander aimlessly
and can shoot out flame of fire from her mouth
he is the best thing since sliced ead
is the one running joke i enjoyed ) .
but the film slowly gets worse each passing minute .
they are to make funny
engaged in naked sex and hokey whipping and the other half meandering through the pathetically naive storyline
with very poor production value
which is a messy mix of comedy and drama ,
subtlety was never his strong point.highlight ?
but at least it is fun ,
so rarely achieved quite so strikingly by genre film .
both young and old that do a fantastic job
the conflict and warmth so prevalent to fellowe 's screenplay are conveyed perfectly here by all involved
it is got a perfectly touching and human sense of affection within its perfectly paced romance
and there lacks a certain significance to its overall presence
yet in a sense this is what makes it enjoyable .
and those a little more disillusioned by the usual production ; beautiful
beloved infidel was the exception .
by producing terribly bad and cheesy horror movie .
it is a terrible waste of time and energy .
does not have to put on a stupid maillot for that .
great atmosphere and terror follow.the multiple nightmare sequence were pretty freaky .
`` the ogre '' is not perfect ,
laurence olivier 's was the best - hands down .
more lethargic and worse-staged version out there somewhere ,
having seen it on mst3k help
puncturing the profundity of black and white tv
the best part are the mst riff .
best line ?
`` i am gon na unleash the great dane '' ,
my personal favorite
playing shakespeare 's greatest character much like a department store mannequin would
he is a great actor ,
for the mst3k version.good-night
this is an excellent movie
with a great story and great acting .
about it while the funny element are present too .
that evil guy in the glass is amazing .
it is one of the best blitzkriegs put on screen .
it is quite amazing watching the character falling/jumping/running/driving through all manner of panes.all three movie are great .
but i saw a perfect trilogy with sense and incredible stunt
that is also excellent
no.1 - great
( in all aspect - it is one gripping story from the very beginning to the very end ) and funny ( many scene are ridiculous ) ;
is incredible ) and bombastic
( the 2nd film has the best option
.solid 10/10 .
i enjoyed barbara bel gedde as the stalwart ,
i also enjoyed paul douglas-he seemed to play this role many time ,
there could be a great film behind this idea
it is desperately unmotivated and boring
and certainly one of the funniest woman on earth .
but the most amazing part were those
is undoubtedly her best effort .
in ten perfectly choreographed and staged scene
that is both sexy and uniquely funny .
i can usually find something redeeming in every movie i watch .
it does have its redeeming moment .
that bothered me very greatly
mormon are stupid ,
while other are best forgotten.he depict postwar germany as a nightmarish train journey .
a terrible argument ensue
there are many allusion to the german fanaticism of adherence to such stupid detail.the railway journey
horrible
each with its own terrible impact yet unconnected.at a station
quite ridiculous in fact .
this one appeared to be shot through gauze.the story was boring
and the movie shed no historical light on a very interesting period of time and set of circumstances.a total disappointment .
and tourist interacting with the great city .
but it is in the end a richly detailed homage to a great city and supplies the viewer with many vignette to re-visit like a scrapbook of a time in paris .
is quite a fun and somewhat innovative fair.though
) too bad they only released it on dvd/vcd in a few country in the worls
worsel rule !
he is so amazing and neat looking as well .
1st watched 5/26/2002 - 4/10
when some lame one-liner and attempt at litening up the mood do not work at all .
and avoid this film .
i found this tale to be at least less annoying than other cannon movie tale .
it is one of the best .
some of the song are pretty bad
this is a beautifully decorated period piece ;
wonderfully done .
( and his making fun of himself in the end ) ,
and the stupid prince
were all quite funny
and seem to be ridiculous quite on purpose .
it is terrible .
predictable `` action '' movie ,
this movie never lets the bad guy have the upper hand .
this movie shows the decay of film and the film industry to cheap gag and dull
but the threesome 's comedic timing is at its honed best here .
there are other more subtle ,
but just as funny .
but he is somehow funny .
it was funny
who is now my favorite band of all time.just watch
as it is one bad film and even franco ,
is awful .
the film is so boring
the kidnap plot is one of the dullest i
as we get a big black guy with stupid looking over-sized bloodshot eye plus two tame cannibal scene .
as a horror film sexo cannibal fails and as an action adventure
this is one to avoid.director franco shows his usual incompetence throughout ,
the cannibal scene are poor ,
the action is lame
it becomes incredibly dull and tedious to watch after about 10 minute
the gore is not that great
this is a shoddy poorly made film with awful special effect and rock bottom production value .
the music suck and sound effect become annoying
but no one in this thing can act.sexo cannibal is a terrible film
of being as boring as hell .
one to avoid .
the somewhat predictable storyline prove surprisingly deep and moving
a disheveled figure with messy hair and downcast eye { often likened in appearance to bob dylan } ,
immersing himself in fantastical video game
whom they loved .
it is also a great title
is his usual likable and funny self
but funnier .
it is a pity the director fails
gandhi my father is narrated to you like that boring history lesson
it is not enough that kasturba blames her husband for the way her son turned out -
is not that it is a bad film ,
gandhi my father is a disappointment
it is a wonderful performance ,
but akshaye ings a rare concoction of innocence and despondency to that part and succeeds in making harilal a pitiable figure .
that is the actor 's best contribution to that role .
it is just so boring.director feroz abbas khan 's gandhi my father
this movie deserved better it is great fun ,
has some wonderful joke and sight gag
... amazing as captain amazing ,
and no one else could be the shoveller except william h. macy my favorite line in the film ?
i was sorely disappointed in 'corky romano ' .
while certainly a funny movie ,
while part of the movie are quite predictable ,
it is damn funny !
that the acting is excellent ,
it is beautifully shot
as he is trying to determine the correct sequence of the box and the `` message ''
i really enjoyed the 60 's .
mr.cage narrowly avoid being run over by the real hit-man on his way
and i was pretty disappointed .
just because i love new york and i loved the cast !
terrible movie .
you should avoid seeing in 2006 ,
what a waste of time .
other than couple of cheap laugh this movie achieves nothing
the dialog is cheap ,
how not to act this is a perfect example of bad acting .
angela landsbury made a perfect miss price ,
while david thomilson made a great desperate entertainer love interest .
the dialog was not great ,
the interview at the police office is a marvel of bland obstinacy with a little fear of the future blended in .
the humor was terrible
that this movie was suppose to be great ,
but it was not more than a cheesy waste of time .
that the acting in this movie was terrible no of the actor in this movie had chemistry ,
alice eve did a great job
the humor in this movie was not funny at all ,
just ok guy love story boring i think
it would have been a more enjoyable film .
we are introduced to a bunch of annoying loudmouth
it the disappointment was overwhelming .
this is one of the great story of the twentieth century :
but the real letdown was in the handling of the plot and the lame direction .
that were supposed to be funny
even though it got a bad review in the paper .
-- i thouroughly enjoyed both woody allen 's 'everything you ever wanted to know about sex
... ' and michael hanneke 's 'funny game ' --
avoid this film at all cost ,
it should be relegated to the annal of history as a lesson in bad cinema .
and is fascinating to watch unfold on screen.streisand fought hard
lighthearted fun ,
disappointingly
are wasted here in very small role ,
but still get to do what they do best
though the picture is never laff-out-loud funny
a fantastic arabian adventure .
i found ahmad and his princess a little boring
always a fun actor ,
makes a great villain ,
and sabu is a lot of fun as the prince of thieve ,
i also really loved mile malleson as the sultan of basra
he collects amazing toy from around the world .
this probably would count as one of the great child 's film of all time ,
and the scene with the giant spider look especially awful .
that king kong look bad at this point in time ,
8/10 .
lou lambada diamond phillip ' 1990 satanic serial killer yuppie hell-fest ... 1 ) lou diamond phillip was recently indicted for beating up his wife
and amazing east
that sadly remains in place over her torso
but the villain in this movie is wonderful ,
line could be the best overlooked movie phrase since `` thank for the ride
and one of the fun thing
you will have fun so long
as you steadfastly refuse to take it seriously.4/10
absolutely superb )
that turned him into the perfect killer in a final attempt
( excellent )
it is a perfect way
part of the fun of the bourne series is the constant globe-hopping and manipulation of technology and communication
this will be the perfect end to it .
this show is terrible ,
and just getting worse and worse .
little mosque on the prairie is typically awful bland cbc comedy
the joke are totally predictable
which is different and could/should have led to a great show .
this movie is not only boring ,
it is also really badly done .
the graphic are so bad ,
they are dreadful .
and the plot absolutely lacks ... .
it is a bit boring .
this is bad even for backyard wrestling .
that even give yard tard a bad name ,
so do not waste your time or your cash on this crappy dvd ,
that perfectly captures the look and feel of the surreal 1950s ,
the colorful crisp cinematography and the excellent cast ,
what is going on but are powerless to tell poor julium .
film noir .
funny
this film is truly funny ,
if you do not find this movie funny
was one slight disappointment for me however .
that chris rock is funnier than warren beatty any second of any day of any week of any year of any ...
because it is the funniest thing
the plot of this enjoyable mgm musical is contrived and only occasionally amusing
the technical illiance of powell is evidenced during one incredible scene within
and that is it use subtle technique
because sometime the best element of fear is not what actually happens ,
this is such a great scene
absolutely awful movie .
utter waste of time.background music is so loud
is actually unintelligible.camera work is bad ,
the once beautiful garden are now a jungle.magnificent oil painting lean against the wall
and beautiful portrait of them as young woman vie for space on the wall next
edie 's favorite costume is a pair of short with panty hose
`` edie is still beautiful at 56 . ''
this movie is one of my favorite !
the shooting scene are ridiculous though ,
it has a lot of great humor
gackt is a superb actor i must say..he show so much emotion .
wang lee hom is absolutely great .
perfect for this movie .
who has the bad luck
used to live.easily the worst
`` doll '' and bad home movie .
but john hamilton is hopelessly dull as the villain
( perfectly cast lionel atwill originated the role )
and warren hymer 's nitwit shtick is pretty annoying .
not the best of the film to be watched nowadays .
but this movie disappointed me .
i would also rank this as one of his best film
and fun enough to be an amazingly good guilty pleasure and thankfully
it almost washed out the rancid bad taste of the ludicrously preachy `` philidelphia '' from my mouth .
barbera steele is sadly wasted
but do not let those gripe stop you from watching an otherwise enjoyable movie.my grade : b- dvd extra : 5 minute roger corman interview ; cast and crew bio ; original trailer ; and trailer for `` candy stripe nurse ''
`` big bad mama 2 ''
boring
the general plot was good but developed in such an insipid and boring fashion
too bad such a serious subject
and such great actor could create such a flop .
brannagh 's version of hamlet is by far the best .
would be a nice little gem .
it really does not.unfortunately
that happen are quite predictable ,
a great vehicle
that is so trite and predictable
( not to mention reminiscent of a lot of bad television show )
but the weakness are so glaring
is so unbelievably bad ,
the plot is pathetic ,
the acting awful ,
and the dialogue is even more predictable than the ending.avoid at all cost !
i am disappointed
and the final outcome is not predictable :
is a boring retelling of the theory of eaking down the molecular structure of an object ,
a completely pointless movie with no message at all .
unfortunately
to set the time-line.i enjoyed the movie
but the situation were predictable
the acting was not too bad ,
and the `` cupid '' killer was believable and disturbing.the bad :
the story line and plot of this movie is incredibly weak .
but a bad story .
we have some highly laughable special effect and rampant pseudo-science masquerading as science fiction .
prior to that is some rather poor quality space crew boarding a space ship ,
it were not so damn funny .
the best being the `` ratbatpidercrab . ''
and poorly imagined
.2/10 modern score
4/10 overall .
if you like the fantastic genre
and the special effect are near perfection
the narrator 's voice is fun to listen to and the cinematography gives me the impression
i have recommended my family and friend to turn on `` pushing daisy ''
found this `` revisioning '' of a great play and worthy 1972 film
a horrible movie experience .
are crass and unsympathetic .
that fails at every turn .
i am going to say that it looks great .
cassella is incredibly talented and a fantastic cinematographer .
this movie has great star in their earlier year :
and though it is not the best movie i have ever seen ,
i was greatly affected by the scene of the man and the child
and conclusions.it is a great film ,
even if it is not the greatest kurosawa film .
and understandable as in pictured in that pathetic sum of tired hollywood cliches.i am 27
and person 's personality are not solid thing .
and his world gets poorer and poorer
delusive dead end.this is very different to what is depicted in this ridiculous `` cure ''
`` perfect blue ''
and stupid plot trick .
this is pretty bad .
the play is not great
that you are watching a very poor film by a director
mira sorvino 's central performance is eath-takingly poor :
that she is best able to handle the material -
sadly
who was responsible for this mess .
and this mess was just plain badly done and an insult to my intelligence .
and loved only one of them
but occasionally is not a bad thing now ,
( highly recommended ) ,
i had to fast forward through this poorly transferred dvd after about 30 minute
it is just a poorly executed film.i would like to see a cleaned up version
that is best
this has got to be the most stupid film i
the plot is stupid .
then the movie gets more boring and boring until
most movie are not a complete waste of time ,
the ending is very predictable ,
tedious
and boring .
avoid this movie at all cost .
but it is the best
there are so many stupid momant in 'tower of death'/'game of death 2 '
when the body is stolen during the funeral
but it does not stop the film from being a mess.ok ,
this middle section is awful
and contains excellent choreography.but even the finale disappoint
this sounded great
leopard-skinned henchman and stupid monk .
with the plot being a poor imitation.worth watching once for the fast paced fight scene ,
but so stupid sometime that it hurts .
graham norton was just the perfect gay host for a good show like this .
it won the bafta twice for best entertainmant
it won the british comedy award for best comedy entertainmant programme
best comedy talk show ,
it was number 52 on the 100 greatest funny momants .
the movie itself is so pathetic .
the movie itself is more boring than pathetic .
it is so boring
it starts out badly with image from the voyager probe and blind willie mctell
why the old blue great were really so great ,
nobody should be forced to see these badly done reenactment .
avoid at all cost .
the fly were kinda mediocre anthropomorphic ,
they blew a wonderful opportunity to sneak in some educational content about physic and space travel -
its lot of scientific mumbo jumbo mixed in what is really a dull film of a bunch of person wandering around in the wilderness .
but to be perfectly honest there is nothing here worth
seeing outside of some great looking shot of the wild .
this is a perfect definition of an exploitation film ,
but film noir fan should definitely find this one a gripping piece of work ,
the bandw photography of conrad hall does a superb job right from the start.also clear from the start :
they do a great job of portraying free spirited buddy
one for the rich and one for the poor
it was truly a stupid
brilliant depiction of two aimless young man on a crime spree
not only does he manage to make an interesting film on the cheap .
this movie was so bad ,
in a bad way ... the character acting is the poorest thing
most of the movie appeared to be done on a horrible green screen .
my favorite part was when they are in the carriage ,
then it switches to a far-shot with a ridiculous cg horse .
it felt like a horrible episode of hercule ,
worst .
that one of his white trailer trash travelling companion [ pitt ] is a serial killer himself.rather predictable throughout ,
i loved this film
today at 17 it is one of my all time favorite animated film .
beautiful animation and appealing character are just two of the thing to like about this film .
adgth never fails to make me cry
arguably one of the greatest non-disney animated film of all time .
i enjoyed this film
good fun to watch elvira comment on this crappy movie ... .have fun with bad movie .
how bad the 70 's were for horror flick bad effect ,
bad dialog
just bad movie
avoid this unless you want to laugh at it .
the movie is very poor
very cheaply made .
it is the best movie and person
it is the worst.stigmatum would not be the worst movie i
in great pain
or maybe i was distracted by the terrible filming and mtv like style .
that she rarely speaks ) ,
something else rare on the twilight zone .
`` two '' is a great example
and it is great to see two person
this is a great movie .
to avoid a stiff prison sentence after a minor ush with the law .
and not what i have come to expect from the great italian director .
there is nothing even slightly reminiscent of the great horror writer in this tale ,
unfortunately
and so the theme quickly becomes annoying .
this film is extremely mediocre and not a good representation of fulci 's talent .
it is horrible.there are report
but good performance were quickly overshadowed by horrible ...
and i do mean horrible special effect .
made to it in that `` seinfeld '' episode with jerry trying to get kramer to florida on that bus and kramer 's all sick and with a nosebleed.the movie was great ,
and surprisingly upbeat and not all pissy pretentious pessimistic like some movie i can not even remember
who make fun of him all the time .
and surprisingly he and joe become friend ,
and ratso rizzo would grow up to be the legendary and beloved dustin hoffman .
great movie .
but a great one ,
and fit in with the tone of the movie perfectly .
it is great ,
of course goldblum and dreyfus were great
rob reiner made a great laughing limo driver
and gaiel byrne a laughable neurotic .
i have been touched by `` the big bad swim ''
funny but not as good as the first film .
followed by nice dreams.recommended .
`` spaced invader '' is one of the funniest movie ,
it\u00b4s funny
i have seen bad film
some one has a gun and maybe talk rubbish whilst high on drugs.avoid this film like the plague .
bad i could not sit through it
i could not recall one joke or funny line worthy of the description .
watching the girl in bikinis was the only distraction during this horrible experience.it is hard to imagine that adam sandler
he was not funny in the least in this movie
underrated gem has lost nothing of the power
it was probably just a lame excuse
approach and act stupidly around a bull elephant while standing too close to it.any real african bull elephant that was not from the circus
the movie may be great .
that i was disappointed with the film .
this little gem was mainly promoted as a comedy upon its release in sweden ,
funny bit on small-town bickering are there to enjoy
it also raises poignant question on respecting difference of people ' lifestyle choices.great character ensemble with many superb
the international attention probably would have been immediate.7/10 from ozjeppe .
i am not a big fan of rom/com at the best of time .
is avoid .
as he struts aimlessly around social function
and cukor does an excellent job
to both the film 's main theme of jealousy and colman 's character 's obsession with identity.several interesting thing about this movie \u0096 superficially
especially because it is his obsession with her and jealousy of her
and insignificance is a perfect example.the characterization are illiant ,
the story is excellent
because it is likely you will be disappointed.but i think
it is excellent .
only to substitute with horrible special affect .
to become great movie ,
should avoid seeing this movie at all cost .
this is yet another terrific and wonderful movie by the fraternal twin
it is fun
anyway ; it is a great movie in every sense of the word ,
that you will not be disappointed !
to sat how awful the shield is ,
that it is a monument to bad directing .
acting was weak ,
-- make person do awful thing
each is great on
wasted .
by being involved with both side of the conflict in a mysterious and film noir-ish way ,
its amazing to watch the naive leopold deal with everything
annoying passenger
the film is endlessly unpredictable.the film stylishly shot ,
is now a personal favorite film of mine .
what a dreadful film this is .
you would want to sit through this mess
the tanner family is a perfect family
a perfectly hypothetical family .
that person enjoyed watching it ,
but would take back a message however childish
that message be .
that is rarely present after many other show .
my daughter invited me to watch this with her and i was not disappointed at all .
jame gandolfini was funny
it has lot 's of funny moment ,
all in all i loved this movie
the very best acting performance is that of ralph richardson as the boss .
1/10.this is the kind of movie
you just wasted 2 hour of your life
i give it a 6/10
its a great film about sailor on a 24 hour pass in new york and ,
and loved for it .
which is contra to his comedy style.thinking back on the great grant comic performance
and he is the great reactor
the role would be perfected later by jame garner
but here grant just is not funny
( see funny face
until the invention of the vcr and cable television resurrected this petrified turkey.so the lesson here is whatever the 'goof ' it will be ignored in a great film like citizen kane
and tolerated in fun dreck like westworld
if it was not for the bad dialogue and script .
was a solid script
even if the result lately are rather poor .
a second very bad movie for this actor
poor acting
it uses the same closet/under the bed/person-behind-you-in-the-mirror tactic over and over again making it repetitive and boring ,
and scaring yourself to have enjoyed this ,
or enjoyed it tremendously.but this film is awful and i feel
it is one thing to rent a `` bad '' movie at blockbuster from the weinstein
to be `` funny '' like other on imdb
do not waste you are money like i did .
though no way near as bad as this piece of crap
this is a long lost horror gem starring sydney lassick
) lover in a rather boring sub plot
( i do not want to give style a bad name ) .
that comes to mind.a pointless
and who in their right mind gave the greenlight to this dreary and tangled mess .
bound to be enlightening and fascinating on about a million level
is almost irrelevant.to make matter about a thousand time worse ,
-- annoying machine gun editing
and decided to call the resulting mess a movie
pathetic.i wanted to like this movie .
pointless .
predictable
and mostly annoying .
than that it is very forgettable imagery.although i
that your kid see mindless cheap-joke )
but everyone else should not waste their money .
this movie is really not all that bad .
the set are cheap ,
if you like cheap
and stayed true to the character of one of my favorite story .
it is stupid and devoid of any semblance of story
it is exquisite boredom in beautiful picture .
i struck on `` not even bad
not even bad .
a masterpiece of conveying a message with few word .
it has been one of my 10 favorite film
this is very much like a not so bad student film .
morris makes fun of 'enshrined mediocrity '
this is a terrible film
and this are not no fun .
it is bad
it is down right awful .
that the 1972 movie is bad
it is funny ,
but was implemented in the worst possible way .
the acting and sound is awful .
this might qualify for a `` so bad
and this is just crap-it is just soooo cheap ,
the `` child '' actress is seriously god awful-i pray her acting career
the film as a whole is a good example of a solid
7/10.on a pedantic note
knows how an excellent cast
this movie was pathetic !
i would have walked out about 15 minute into this dreadful waste of celluloid.neil simon would not write another screenplay for this version
that after this cinematic fiasco he would not sue for defamation of humor ! jack lemmon and sandy dennis did such a wonderful job in the original ,
any of them were funny ?
the actor do their best and are appealing ,
to overcome all the glaring fault of poor writing
a pointless sex scene all feature along the way.the film stumble through a few obvious set-piece
and the film had quite a weak ending ,
and i`m talking panned so badly
this movie has something going for itit gets off to a bad start
bad guy enter the templechild sits with blank expressionbad guy chop up the monkchild sits with blank expressionbad guy
obviously this might have been cool and funky at the time
i blame the director personally
that both the screenwriter and producer should share equal blame too .
this game was really great and quite a challenge .
it has a great
a truly great game for rpg and shoot'em'up fan . >
and even worse
that director 's most famous and supposed `` masterpiece '' turns out to be an irredeemably dull and irritating film .
and even that becomes boring rather quickly .
and pull a really pathetic face .
funny
it seems that morgan freeman surely have fun at the set .
paz vega is a beautiful and smart woman .
probably my all-time favorite movie
but it is not preachy or boring .
in one of her very few truly sympathetic role
but that only makes them more fun to watch .
i loved this movie .
great storyline and actor and good movie set .
the movie was fascinating .
swayze did a great job .
this is some of his best work .
as being one of the best tv film ever aired .
congrat to the producer and writer of such a great piece of work .
it is arguably one of the best horror film
possibly one of the best ever made.the filmmaker have crafted a movie
`a chinese ghost story ' is a beautiful epic love story told
this film offers something for every film fan.director siu-tung ching and producer tsui hark assembled a truly amazing cast for this film .
the direction is superb .
or just anyone looking for great way
i had the greatest enthusiasm going in to the advance screening for this movie .
that it was a huge disappointment .
it was a huge disappointment to see a complex character like achille
trying to make the best of a ridiculous script .
it was actually a waste of so much talent
and orlando bloom and sean bean were pathetic ) .
but were extremely disappointed.the actor
he is an awful actor ,
it is as predictable
and really a waste of time ,
what is shocking and wild incollege rarely holds up over time ,
just is not shocking orinteresting or funny ,
it is kind of boring .
not a lot of fun .
it was so bad that both of us cracked up laughing at how bad it was .
horrible
horrible
horrible .
continuity was terrible .
because he supposedly makes film with a `` message ''
the film ' role as a political satire fails miserably
as a satirical satire would be just plain insulting even to chimp .
has been out in the badland a little too long.the conclusion of the film return to the bounty hunter
orson welle is still my favorite mr r ,
as the best in the cast is vanessa william ... her dedication
energy and timeless beauty make rosie the perfect role for her .
vanessa 's singing talent shows beautifully with all the song
her dancing is so incredible ,
the choreography was bad
that although lengthy the acting by vanessa is superb
this version is wonderful and i recommend
this movie is maybe one of the most boring movie of 2000
especially the music fails
that were great ,
about this film is that it is nowhere near as annoying as the stink of flesh .
it all already.bad movie fan will have a ball
who was so bad
and kudos to hardgore for getting in to the spirit of thing by releasing a print so bad it felt
like i was watching some beat up home video of a camping trip.awful
awful stuff .
avoid .
it has beautiful person ...
trying their best ...
are my favorite pabst-directed film
and i enjoyed them more than his much more famous film
despite there being greater unemploymant in germany .
( illustrated wonderfully in a dance hall scene )
the film 's impact was minimal at best .
had great message of peace and harmony
it is an amazing and sad relic
the acting is so apathetic at time and so over-dramatic at other time .
forgettable character and an even more forgettable plot make this one of the most ill-conceived movie i
stay away unless you are into bad movie .
the program also gives a fascinating insight the whole cameroonian life-style ,
( aside from the awful crime
seems amazingly emotional and joyous
and much more fun to watch
how dull the end was treated ...
this film a fascinatingly stupid ... it is a must of silliness .
the film is not ever boring ,
there are some weakness
is ridiculous .
that most of the time was not even funny .
that he had do really awful joke ,
what once was a truly great show with an equally great concept
that for once was not about a dysfunctional family
with just one usually lame joke placed somewhere to divert attention
even if not that funny either.by the way
among the best comedy ever oadcast .
how pathetic a life rosetta had ,
the whole thing was filled with un-likeable and unsympathetic character .
as a great romance
but is crippled by the single-handedly worst direction of a film i
wow i loved this movie !
great !
i loved the fact
the love story is portrayed beautifully
the movie did not prefer to give any boring social commentary
his desperation in certain sequence is portrayed beautifully .
she has given a great performance of a woman
that is unnecessary.good thriller 10/10
this is one of the best film i
it is one of the worst i have ever seen.ok ,
was just an annoying person .
being extremely annoying .
bland
mary tyler moore and valerie harper both looked wonderful -
beautiful
in light of bad review - or car crash - i feel possessed to get in gear
it was so bad ,
almost automatically.it is rare for a movie to have suspense .
the best thing
in them also was the constant tension.acting is not bad :
because it sounded pretty interesting but to my horror this movie was the worst movie i
i have seen what i thought to be the absolutely worst
the actor deserve applause for trying to salvage a very poor job of direction .
so often it is almost laughable
i loved the original .
and just gets annoying .
the end in the original was fantastic !
and great performance by kurt russell and
a great renter .
the music in it is great .
this is actually one of my favorite of his movie - second ,
it is also best
this movie is not only the funniest film ever created ,
it is the greatest .
it is one of the best movie ever .
amazing plot ...
you have been ever looking for ... the very best
the very best ever .
they are disappointed .
it is simply the best .
but they are all wasted .
the southern star features a pretty forgettable title tune
it pretty much establishes the tone for this bloated and rather dull feature
and poorly composed and dull photography by raoul coutard ,
she is beautiful
that this was a great classic comedy mystery
unfortunately no one told me about the musical number
this would not be so bad
worse its
charle middleton is very funny is his scene
its a fun movie of the sort they do not make any more .
most of us first encounter keaton in one of the illiant feature film from his great period of independent production :
we recognise him as the greatest figure in the entire history of film comedy ,
then his alcoholism got worse .
unfortunately
durante plays one of those annoying hepcat
there is a painfully unfunny dialogue scene
is absolutely perfect for the character
whom i have never found funny ,
is even less funny than usual here ,
offering a running gag with a stupid payoff .
( a much funnier movie ) .
is wasted.part of the problem with 'speak easily ' is that supporting character behave in completely inappropriate way .
keaton 's lawyer shows up at durante 's theatre with an urgent message for keaton ...
about half an hour into the unfunny 'speak easily ' ,
the great jimmy durante seat himself at the piano
most annoying of all is the ending of this film ,
) i very nearly wept - in anger and sorrow - at the wasted opportunity in 'speak easily ' .
first i was very disappointed with john hurt 's performance here .
the best part of the film was the end .
but it got a bit boring at time .
when walmart had this movie really cheap for sale
sadly
it is just boring ,
al gore no more truly cares about the environment than most folk care about contacting foot fungus .
and discover the main fundamental flaw .
when the record of yesteryear are highly questionable at best ?
if it is not his best ,
is weak in every sense of the word .
to see how rotten this film was.what amazes me the most is that a number of other talented person took part in a movie with a very weak premise
a great comedian
cuts funding for the prison ,
are not even close to funny
that is incredibly disappointing too ,
and other to be at least a little bit funny .
alley plays a british heiress with an awful british accent
and every joke was poorly set up
and poorly timed
the physical gag are also incredibly predictable
dangerfield has made some great
that is funny ,
which is precisely the case with this lame excuse for a wasted 90 minute .
but add this film to your batch of forgettable comedy like `` meet wally spark ''
it has the best cast of talent i have seen in a very long time .
but a lot of my friend also loved it
i really loved the character
not to waste our time
and change our mood into worse .
how it could get such a `` high '' vote with an average of 6.8/10.so
you will just waste your time unless
an excellent
( but nevertheless beautiful ) ,
but the making of an excellent film .
there are some great actor here
only a horrible effort gone wrong .
frank loesser 's music sounds great .
that original cast included the wonderful vivian blaine and stubby kaye ,
that could have made an amazing contribution.the film
is amazing .
ms. blaine makes a fantastic impression as the show girl
`` plan 9 from outer space '' is the worst movie
of *course* they are bad .
from its lonely summit of awfulness
but went on to make more awful movie .
if we get too annoying '
but that show is just plain stupid .
they wasted it with a slug-slurping contest between timon and simba .
but stupid song .
7/10
unfortunately
while not the worst of the dtv sequel completely lacks the sparkle.the biggest letdown is a lack of a story .
still manages to make a mess of the story .
the antic of jaq and gus are the redeeming merit of this movie.the
first vignette is the best ,
this is the best ,
because the mice were at their funniest here .
the worst of the vignette ,
this was also marred by a rather ridiculous subplot about lucifer falling in love with pompom.the incidental music
and nothing like the beautiful tchaikovsky inspired melody of the original.the character were the strongest development here .
the duke had some truly funny moment
the mice were the redeeming merit of the movie ,
and the voice acting was surprisingly good.all in all
4/10 for the mice
because the acting was so bad .
p diddy needs to stop tainting movie with his horrible acting ,
who looks excellent in this movie
that i have seen.i enjoyed the acting of all of the major player .
i especially enjoyed til schweiger and alan arkin .
alan arkin has most of the funniest line .
but it can sometimes be very funny .
this is one of our great national story .
that he has a truly beautiful mind and soul .
although i have enjoyed bing crosby in other movie ,
and then finally annoying .
as are the great costume -
behind the lost missile is not bad at all ,
but unfortunately the story does get a bit dull towards the middle and the overuse of stock footage as well
as poor special effect sink this film to the sub-par level.the film
unfortunately
the story idea is not bad and rather original .
this must me one of the worst takes on vampire ever
this one lacks
to keep him weak ,
just weak )
i really enjoyed the first one ,
it is a shockingly bad effort
that management allowed this movie to see the light of day speak volume about their incompetence and desperation .
this movie joins my very short `` worst movie of all time '' list .
whether they are good or bad ,
it lacks brendan fraser 's charm ,
but christopher only really fails in that specific comparison
as either good or bad .
from the subtle gesture towards a joke
some of the funniest blink and you will miss
and will continue to show it to all my friend annoyingly pointing out the funny bit
all in all an excellent film
a beautiful score from badalamenti
this is a beautiful slice of life film .
and i do mean tacky score to the really bad acting
it is a deadly dull affair starring john carradine with some gray in his hair
she wrote.for an ultra-cheap monogram quickie ,
the funniest running joke in the movie is that the `` older '' doctor carradine constantly refers to his `` young '' assistant shayne as `` m'boy ''
the color are superb -
since all the celluloid they wasted is good for nothing more
not only is the writing atrocious and the joke awful ,
but the camera work and film quality are amateur at best .
the worst part of all is that i actually sat through the whole thing .
that made some person in the film annoying .
it may sound great
does this mean the female butt can not be funny ?
a wonderful performer .
great to see some of my favorite actor
fragglerock is excellent in the way
that schindler 's list was excellent .
a great watch for child and adult of all gender .
i enjoyed it very much as a child .
he enjoyed it as well
was this bad .
but the execution was ridiculous .
they attached the good name of halloween to this fiasco.the basic premise surrounds some frat douche bag hosting their annual halloween haunted house fund raiser ,
the acting is about as bad
the script is unintentionally funny .
offensive and downright disgusting pop-culture mess of a show
that i was not a bit disappointed
but instead more of an impromptu platform for a whole slew of really god-awful no-name comedian to display what they more than likely think is their comedic skill *rolls eyes* ... more like lack-thereof
because they are all so terribly unfunny and pathetic in their attempt at so-called `` humor ''
i was very disappointed .
this is a poorly made film ,
it is so bad ,
which means it is painfully bad .
and just plain lame .
were probably looking for the next cult classic or hidden `` gem ''
it surprisingly had a plot !
the camera was not bad at all for a cheap movie like this ,
and also the atmosphere was not too bad .
it was horrible ,
so badly just for single scene .
the acting was bad
but i have seen worse .
the movie was bad
but i have seen worse .
if you like gory movie with stupid plot
gave it 3/10 ,
that great team in wuthering height ?
and does a great job with the comedy
she wears some beautiful street clothe ,
binnie barne is delightful as the real lady mere.the color in this is a mess ,
that the story lacks a bit of consistency .
but all this is largely compensated by the excellent psychological development.this is definitely one of the best movie about gambling .
for stating my disappointment with this movie .
and was disappointed .
i was disappointed in the lousy editing and lame script .
i was very disappointed on the resolution after the climax .
there have been other cheap movie
the acting was horrible nor many of the landscape shot .
and recognizing his awesome power and our weakness.the writing
and directing were very weak .
the incredible melting man plays like an extended episode of the six million dollar man
are not the best .
it was a lot of fun .
you could do a lot worse .
it really is a fun little film ,
the transfer is rather poor ,
i was sorely disappointed not only in the acting credential but in the silly story line
do not waste your time .
this movie is actually worse
it is got terrible
forced dialogue ; pointless plot development ; really drawn out 'spooky imagery ' scene ,
5/10 at best attractive woman ; long
boring sex scene
because that movie was pretty funny ,
veden fell is the lamest bad guy in the history of film .
the second in the vacation series is easily the least enjoyable one ,
and the very funny eric idle is completely wasted in a small role as a very unlucky englishman .
and almost universally not funny at all
what a waste of time and money !
it `` might be funny '' .
the actor are trapped in a poorly written script
the joke are weak and tired ,
which hid the awful effect quite nicely .
wilson 's sidekick was a lame excuse for a man
and the funny scene were not funny .
none of the character were really sympathetic ,
it would still be a waste of money !
( implying poor sexual energy on the part of her fianc\u00e9e )
and she is as sweet as ever in this wonderful movie .
it is awfully underrated and deserves accolade and attempt at a revival .
great movie
rock 'n ' roll high school is *still* the greatest rock 'n ' roll movie
for the boring
stupid
the minute you give an 'art film ' 1/10 ,
purpose and message of this film.here is how i would summarize the film :
and i am sparing you the unbelievably long and pointless ,
gay or strait its a great doco for anyone
very funny
never dull .
great access .
some of the performance and just amazing .
great .
10/10 .
this is one of those cheaply made tv movie were the character
my favorite sequence contain one in the sex-ed classroom
quite possibly the worst psychiatrist on earth .
the film is loaded with inspired casting choices..just littered with funny character and the cast interpretations..such as ed mcmahon as a very conservative military blowhard
( ..his great scene has him stealing a line from his police chief reciting it to dr. brand
the film looks cheap on the typical larry cohen budget .
loved adam in the lead..he is the perfect foil for the gag
that my favorite part of this movie
that exemplifies the sheer pointless
stupidity and inanity of the proceedings ,
that is the kind of lousy
because the movie has complete contempt for their characters.two other incredibly painful sequence also ramp up the stupidity of the proceedings :
you have never watched a more pointless and irritating setup with odder looking person in your entire life .
but solid and unobtrusive .
this definitely falls into the 'so bad
and mst 's coverage of it is great fun ,
a poor boy
and it is perfectly clear in most of the film :
actor are known and with great quality
the film result boring and probably you will spend most of the time
of course there are lot of worse film ,
the earth is now poison gas wasteland of pollution and violence .
and unfortunately she destroys the favorite tank of tank police commander charle britain
a big revolver and a bad temper .
uneven in place but still a lot of fun.followed by `` new dominion :
.this movie is one of the all-time best for sheer fun and nonbelieveability .
steven oliver was perfect for the part of dugan ,
and being disappointed ,
that this movie was terrible .
downright terrible .
surprisingly for the reason mentioned in the first review .
that the movie `` definitely lacks good-looking female . ''
excellent view of a mature woman
it is mixed perfectly to give us
light and funny comedy .
i could not stop laughing with a very funny scene of two old lady in a drugstore.i love european film ,
that many friend enjoyed as much as myself .
even more fascinating have always been the tale of impossible love ,
rarely leaves the city and prefer not to think about the \u0084crap
and that the police might come and spoil all the fun for them again .
predictable product of the \u0084bubble '' .the opening scene of the film take us to a checkpoint on a road to nablus
despite the best effort from noam and the doctor
when confronted with the political reality of today 's israel set against the background of a beautiful and awkward love story
\u0084the bubble '' is also a beautiful film about person
but its strong message and emotional impact will not leave you untouched .
it is utterly pointless to rate this film .
twice by the great war of the xxth century .
and choked by the mercan notile and cheap political agenda of the hollywood 's 80+ year of ,
whether they are good or bad.terry gilliam of course is a natural for this kind of film .
but his very best
( underplayed to great effect by bruce willis ) .
that something terrible is coming this way ,
a part of a greater plot ?
it is a fascinating sequence ,
( the poor guy 's monogram even curses him )
no cheap gag \u0097 just funny character in uncomfortable situation .
great stuff .
that minimizes editing and maximizes the wonderful eight-room apartment set .
why mess it up ?
in that great effect is made from a large depth of field and the interplay between the various plane of action .
but the kind which is bad for the movie ,
the movie had that dull ,
nepotism rarely works.if
and become their own worst enemies.this lethal virus gives you the shingle
sadly
`` carrier '' qualify as a relentlessly depressing movie about the effect of a pandemic on four sympathetic person
as fun-loving brian
and pays an awful price .
`` irr\u00e9versible '' cinematographer beno\u00eet debie does a fantastic job with his widescreen lensing and as unsavory as this road trip becomes ,
unfortunately
perfectly played all around .
or they will refund your money .
this is a `` bad film '' .
it is so very fun !
there is bad one-liner ,
in the end this is a horrendous movie of boring proportion .
which are predictable .
that is worse than any given episode of a downmarket 25-year old tv show .
but the mindless fun is rarely to be found
gainey 's sheriff roscoe is a bland thug
but worse than the script or the casting is jay chandrasekhar 's hopeless direction :
( and badly )
this was a huge disappointment
considering the great cast ,
precious little excitement and too many dull spot
was so messed up .
it was not one of her more popular films.it is also too bad a film had the waste of the talent of actor like richard widmark
this movie is all about subtlety and the difficulty of navigating the ever-shifting limit of more
it is a beautifully filmed human story .
unfortunately ,
boring
poorly filmed
this lifetime movie has some of the best acting i
the best performance in the movie comes from michael seater ,
he is perfect as the responsible son who is still young
his acting was especially great in the scene
also does a great job.a movie well worth watching ,
the bad news is it is still really dreadful .
because occasionally some of this kitchy slapstick parody actually seems funny.it is supposed to be better than `` mulva
`` 2 '' it is.maybe the best thing
and squishes the whole mess into about an hour of truly awful amateur video.you would best smoke a lot of something powerful
great cinematography
sitting with some friend watching a bad movie ,
and how poor the acting was ;
jigsaw is quite possibly the worst movie ever made or conceived ,
the head is the worst getting a camera in the eye
it has been standard horrible movie fair
bad acting
yet after jigsaw catch fire thing take a turn for the worst ... jigsaw comes alive.. how you ask ?
they do not even show him steal away a torso from his poor creator
the other 90 % can be attributed to it is flagrant bad-ness .
with her bland suit and superfluous hair gel
that are thoroughly bad and yet comedic .
this is probably karisma at her best
nana patekar also gives out his best ,
the supporting case was even great ,
it was great to watch her.the set were also pretty good .
while it was never my favorite musical or story ,
since it is still a lot of fun to watch .
i heard horrible thing about grease 2
that it really was not all that bad and my friend agreed ,
as these t-bird were just stupid and ridiculous.another year at rydell and the music and dancing has not stopped .
this is just a pathetic attempt at more money from the famous musical.2/10
part one was a fascinating experiment ,
part two is the excellent culmination of this experiment.this movie offers all of the same attributes from the first one
and they succeed most of the times.the final message from this film is perfect ,
it is a ave and fascinating experiment
this comedy has some tolerably funny stuff in it ,
surrounded by a lot of unfunny stuff .
is a waste of time .
writer/director jame cameron has done a great job
the two lead in the film are great in their role
titanic makes for a great date movie
how it was that eugene logan came to be the technical adviser to a movie of such an amazing person as truman capote .
cinderella is one of disney 's greatest film
i consider the film to have been the greatest of his film at the time of its release .
one of the greatest character disney ever created .
and encouragement to never let go of your dream .
and figure in the somewhat predictable finale.what is not quite predictable is how thing eventually wind up there ,
hence not quite as formulaic a plot as a lot of good other/bad other western do .
when a blackmail job goes bad and ruby ends up in a boarding house for `` troubled girls '' ,
fast talking ruby perfectly .
that is acted perfectly .
tv movie might be very fun sometime ,
but the worse is that those action scene are very tasteless like the whole movie .
the movie was not fun even one second to me ,
having as the background the rehearsal and recording of `` sympathy for the devil '' in the classic album `` beggar 's banquet '' by the revolutionary bad boy rolling stone \u0096 mick jagger
the fascism - entwined with the reading of a cheap pulp political novel divided in the chapter :
`` sympathy for the devil '' is another pretentious and boring mess of the uneven director jean-luc godard .
the narrative and the footage are awful ,
that gunbuster is one of my favorite anime of all time .
that good.haliday caught a lot of good natured ribbing from the mst3k crew for his part in this movie and in `` devil doll '' ,
but he is actually the best thing in tpm .
the script bog down any forward momentum the plot may have in a mire of nonsense about funding and university politic and a guy
then when poor haliday gets mutilated by his machine ,
that were as bad or worse ,
perfect for a horror movie film festival ,
i personally loved it for the amazing animation ,
there is a deeper message behind it
and i mean bad .
your directing is poor ,
and you will save movie goer some money and a bad night.vote :
1/10
it awfully seems so .
these stupid slasher movie push the credibility envelope more and more by the minute .
the acting is mediocre at best .
forgettable
self-assured attitude and his bad-ass sneer
and loved is gone .
jumping on the `` backward message in metal music '' bandwagon
less successful entry in this mini-genre include the awful black rose and silly the gate ) .
as he is persecuted by the preppie `` beautiful '' person in his high school for his heavy metal fashion and musical taste .
eddie 's favorite rock star is sammi curr
( `` waste'em all ... no false metal ! '' )
that was a wonderful show
that made the original so loved .
that delivers a great performance .
and unfunny romp through the history of the film director 's love life and professional life .
the ridiculousness is that the director simultaneously present himself as an extremely annoying and heavily flawed character
i say unfortunately ,
election seems a bit of a disappointment .
and while election is an enjoyable piece of cinema ...
and lot of bad guy .
election has a great ensemble cast with well thought out performance
that are both subtle and impacting .
there really are not any weak link in the acting
that they are watching real gangsters.although the performance are great
a great
or if director johnnie to would have funneled down the necessary element and expounded on them more .
this is a wonderfully utal film with a great cast
excellent direction
a phenomenal achievement in awfulness .
it is actually hilariously awful.first off ... nicholas cage
i have enjoyed labute 's early film and a few of his play ...
he has.i would give this film a 2/10 solely
until you have seen the final 15 minute of the movie and its dreadful epilogue
just because it is so dreadful .
it is written so badly
it is poorly cast
let 's give nick some ridiculous dialogue about baring yourself in the hallway ...
the execution is dreadful .
it.the story itself was incredible
like most great movie it was looked over by the academy with a host of nomination but no win .
is definitely one of the best film of all time .
but sharp solid direction
excellent dialogue
and great performances.my favourite - big pussy from the sopranos
that constitute *part* of what the poor doctor falls in love with .
as a poor cockney woman in the victorian era.novak 's portrayal was a more vulnerable mildred
novak 's vulnerability was excellent .
ewan bremner is arguably one of the worst actor in the world at this time
( witness his performance in the god awful life of stuff )
and his `` cockney '' accent is almost as bad as his edinburgh accent .
avoid .
`` beautiful creature '' do we have to suffer before the film maker realise
this movie was totally lame .
the worst part of it is morgana `` ursula 's crazy sister ''
which is ridiculous
overall it is a terrible waste of time .
somebody could probably make a great documentary about the jerry springer show ,
there are dozen of famously bad movie
witless waste of film.seriously
are you tired of stupid girl dialog 'oh my god '
so not only are not they scary but it is obnoxious .
it is fun
if i were to put prom night on the list of worst film of 2008
if it gets released on dvd for cheap and quick .
seriously do not spend your money or the time for dull acting
cheap scare
this is a great short .
what a poor decision i had made going out seeing this movie .
the line were horrible to the point
very poor editing.all in all this movie was a giant waste of time and money .
making the white professor look stupid .
this is an excellent movie .
i recommended everyone to go see this movie .
this excellent drama had me in suspense the whole time .
the only bad cast member was the actress
the actress did a great job ,
but did have a very good cast filled with excellent
of seeing the happy black native dying for queen and country seems ridiculous
too bad after such a potent scene the film just seemed to talk and talk
i was stupid enough to rent it and boy ,
while seeming to be boring and mundane ,
are actually quite funny ,
the joke are subtle enough
he was a great actor .
this lesser-known movie is where cage gives one of his best performance .
but is one of my favorite movie of all time .
( who also is great in the movie )
you will not be disappointed .
the story is poor
the dinosaur costume are so poorly made ,
it does not waste too much of your life ,
but still try to avoid it altogether .
that got poor review ,
`` hmm ... this is not so bad ! ''
i loved the cable guy ,
that my big fat independent movie was great .
it would be bad in a kind of way
the main character is simply annoying ,
i have never found charley chase very funny ,
whom i find very funny .
in chase 's best film
that his very best film
that the very early and very crude 'married to order ' just is not funny at all.chase
oliver hardy gives the best performance in this film as her blowhard father ,
sadly
will rate 'married to order ' just 3/10 ,
despite some weakness in the plot ,
i have seen him better but also worse .
it also has a strong message about the power of friendhip
it is not excellent
dane and beckinsale are perfect in the role
but she seems more fun than darlene .
but sometimes that fun can get her into trouble .
brokedown palace is excellent
it heightens and complimants the mood of the film to perfection .
it or not the music is a perfect catalyst for reflection on this subject .
that does the lyric and her voice is beautiful and haunting
was some of the stupidity
that the prison they were in was all that bad .
that here.overall this is a great film
the plot is stupid .
the acting is the worst ever for most of the principal and frankly person
it was wonderful ,
the photography was beautiful.this movie made me do more research into this character archie belaney
if you are like me and enjoy a beautiful story
i mean her whole guideline of this show is stupid .
i enjoyed flavor fl av more better ,
how much money is she getting to do this awful show ,
but it also carries a message.a good film again from korea .
boring stuff we got here .
eh.. the last half hour is alright the rest is boring and not funny =
the trailer made it look funny
but the pace of this movie is pretty slow and sadly not funny .
just plain boring klayman running into each other
the fantastic scenery at hokkaid\u00f4
the excellent storytelling and last not least the wonderful soundtrack provide a rare intimacy with the protagonist .
completing a noir cycle at twentieth century fox ,
a shaken dixon does his best to cover it up ,
the blame fall on paine 's father-in-law
and will wait for him.it was great
a film noir historian
fanning the flame between the detective and the dame.the night cityscape give the film an air of menace .
gary merrill is great as the low-life scalise ,
and funny as morgan 's unjustly accused pop.a watchable film noir with a fantastic cast .
the visual were great .
simply beautiful .
to create visually arresting stuff and ice age is great to look at with its stylized visual .
but its a good solid movie its has good car chase scene ,
the ending is great just a good fair movie
but in just an absolute dull way for over two hour .
it was pointless
a true disappointment ... maybe
this beautiful tragicomedy by belgian filmmaker beno\u00eet mariage is set in the industrial wasteland of wallonia .
this film can best be compared to aki kaurism\u00e4ki 's drifting clouds ,
the best thing about les convoyeur attendent is the acting by poelvoorde .
the entire cast is funny
the best part to this film
were the subtle bit of humor
who looked even slightly ethnic for this romp.to make matter worse ,
not fun .
this one just fell way short.2/10
and for better or worse
the very prolific statemant of `` what seems complicated is really very simple '' purvey a very acrimonious message in this movie ...
which are aggravated by the haunted water of montana 's beautiful stream and river ...
and tommy noonan were hyped as 'the new lewis and martin ' is just shy of dreadful :
and the total reaction is that everyone flinches.in the midst of an awfulness relieved only by the fetching julie newmar ,
and their timing is nigh unto perfect
he is wasted in this film .
it also would have been much funnier
but it wears it with dignity.this film is still great fun .
and is huge fun in a part
doing nothing is perfect - funny
was inherently amusing due ti its never being his greatest strength.the colour is fine ,
( amazing oscar nominated debut for maria full of grace )
but when he is ready to leave with the beautiful mistress ,
the devastating news from his wife 's doctor arrives ... i can go on reflecting on all 18 small gem .
the other felt weak
that i will return to my favorite film again and again .
steve buschemi is my absolute favorite .
even the most comprehensive and useful tourist guide would not help a tourist avoiding doing the wrong thing in a foreign country .
i would not have wasted my time renting it in the first place .
left behind is one of the worst film i
this would have been a perfect movie for elvis .
gary busey is once again perfect in a not so perfect role .
music as ordinary and dull as the script ) .
wasted on the other element .
wasted .
even though the plot was highly predictable .
quite bored with the cheap thrills.the plot
even though predictable ,
says jack_skellington_freke on the message board .
how dull.3/10 .
you have had amazing film ,
''the sentinel '' is one of the best horror movie
everything was great in her life ,
and rents a beautiful and old apartment.the problem are her neighbor ,
it is also horrible to see that she needs to become blind in the end of the movie
you need solid filmic fundamental .
and more info on technique is available then ever beforethe sound in this movie is plain bad .
the atmos is equally terrible .
which are the result of poor sound editing .
the sound inside car is awful ,
the sound of car door closing is awful .
how can a movie with so many fundamental flaw be considered for award and high praise ?
the best creative output
not.my theory is that chile 's more selective and better talent avoided this film like the plague maybe due to its risqu\u00e9 content .
of course film critic rarely pay attention to technical detail
the film has all the production quality of a cheap tarantino
'' is excellent .
but also happy.all the character are great to me
great acting and a lot of dialog
something to avoid
that is bad ,
overwrought and tedious.there are some very fine english film available with content similar to this film .
`` nil by mouth '' is an excellent
and are never dull.spawned from his frustration over the savage notices his early film received
and an even worse jab
max seed is too nondescript and boring to leave an impression ,
ultimately resembling a washed-up pro wrestler doing `` the toolbox murder '' on a succession of equally boring victim .
seed 's character and boll 's `` message '' run contrary to one another :
and watching pointless stop-motion scene of decomposing animal and person
beautifully shot
like an old friend of the family.a wonderfully crafted character-driven film from the director of `` driving miss daisy '' ,
is not this film 's strong point.indeed strong point are sadly lacking .
the gore ranges from the poor to the unnecessarily over gory whilst the sub-gollum nutter is never really fully explained
does have is some beautifully staged operatic aria
the great caruso won an oscar for sound recording
and set design.mario himself helped popularize the film with an rca red seal album of song from the great caruso .
unfortunately due to contractual obligation
helping to popularize the great caruso.if
if you are looking for a great artist singing at the height of his career ,
than you should not miss the great caruso .
if disappoint at this not being a funny movie
someone 's previous comment complained about a boring trial .
the denouement is great .
that life on that street will never be the same.my favorite kind of character-driven flick :
zany and fun comic ride .
when she enters the materializer of a lame magician
but definitely more fun .
that the romantic sub-plot was a waste of time
i loved this movie .
in fact i loved being an actress in this movie .
louisiana i loved this movie .
in fact i loved being an actress in this movie .
rich and subtle nuance float over her face .
as peep till the closing credit began to roll.this is not a perfect film ;
-- josh flitter 's superb timing notwithstanding
and she pulls it off beautifully .
it is the best movie of its kind in decade .
the animation was actually excellent
the best being anne-marie ,
especially voiced by the wonderful vic tayback
( i particularly loved `` moron i am surrounded by moron '' )
but i loved king gator and his song .
unfortunately
however the biggest flaw was the rather bland song and the way
7/10 .
however mason prove to be much harder prey then the usual target in this ridiculous and slow paced actioner
which i would never get sick of watching.excellent viewing and full mark to the bbc for such a illiant series and the casting.first rate in all department
one of the worst movie i have ever seen .
made on the cheap :
character study is totally undermined by the predictable factor .
borrowing very liberally from `` a beautiful mind '' ,
person will give you bad look .
very very cool stuff.it was fun
because it is fun this
is a very fun movie .
that cheap trick was the band
i never tire of this fantastic movie .
superbly acted out indeed
the soundtrack is beautifully varied and fitting ;
i found it to be quite fun and entertaining .
it is full of extreme facial close-up and beautiful color shot of caravan of horse crossing the desert ,
charle boyer - not usually one of my favorite - is actually pretty good in this ,
another great orchestral score by max steiner helps keep the drama rolling - all in all
a very enjoyable film .
the actor are great ; peter o'toole and susannah york
the movie feel like a pointless and obsolete one
and simply does not work out.the editing is simply dreadful and time
and it becomes even laughable bad in certain sequence .
project.really not worth your time.4/10
ernest borgnine was so wasted in this movie.there was no point
in putting this great actor in this movie.one of the greatest actor in the world wasted ,
what a disappointment !
i hated the mummy but this one was even worse !
out became a total disappointment .
though this movie is cheesiness at its best ,
if you must - i blame my wife for this )
this movie is a perfect
foregoing the insult
and i find it funny .
finally the bad latin stereo type are over !
this show is probably one the best i have seen ,
it is funny
bad movie ! .i forced myself to watch this all the way
otherwise it sucked.the kid was terrible ,
( weakly )
it made a bad movie even worse .
do not waste your time on this one .
it was very refreshing to see
it was amazing.go buy this film
and includes many annoying element .
because it was done poorly ,
it turned into a nuisance and only detracted from the already bad experience ;
the acting was not extremely bad for a made for tv flick ,
i would advise you to not waste your time on the '60
that the best part of the movie was the inclusion of bob dylan 's music .
this film opened to poor showing in the first few week .
rated ghulam mohammad as one of the best composer
( a great personal friend ) .
and if you valued music more than story the list would simply grow with beautiful score from barsat ki raat to naya daur
after seeing the terrible
terrible
terrible batman :
i was in for another hideous short from what so-far looked like another bad wannabe film-maker
but was instead greeted with a greatly put together trailer for a movie
that sadly does not exist ,
clare dane and kate beckinsale did an excellent job portraying the emotion of the two friend ,
probably because of bad editing .
great movie ,
even worse :
is ridiculous .
this is a stupid remake ,
and decide the best way
but there need to be a balance.4/10
but is so rude and obnoxious
it is ainless and non-existent storyline and even worse the terrible and amateurish acting by everyone in it .
with an amazing amount of moxie
but it soars with a spirit of adventure besting even the space program
wonderful .
it is an amazing page-turner and the perfect setup for the newsreel-style movie .
super clean dentist doctor feinstone lives perfect life in his great `` white house '' ,
cast was great .
he was actually great in his role
this is edited badly
as somewhat intriguing became an incomprehensible mess .
why are these person the best choice for the type of experimenting
the acting is pretty bad .
the awful wallpaper
is the best movie bio ever .
that were cut.this masterpiece takes you from elvis childhood through his emergence as entertainment 's greatest star .
are excellent as elvis ' parent .
this enjoyable minor noir boasts a top cast
will do '' policy - my other favorite is greta garbo
he would have been great in boyer 's role or at least in francen 's
( which would have saved greatly on the dark make-up budget ) .
which is beautiful
is also because of the great music harry-gregson william with lisa gerrard
everything here is perfect.first - acting .
denzel washington is at his best
great radtha mitchell and amazing young dakota fanning .
which is dazzling and along with superb editing ,
and is pure beautiful .
no ridiculously ill placed humour
this is not the greatest film ever made ,
jame cagney is best known for his tough character- and gangster role
that he was not bad at it .
who was perhaps among the best and most successful director within the genre .
his musical were always light and fun to watch and more comedy like than anything else really .
that of course is also predictable
it nevertheless is a fun and simple story
a recommendable early genre movie.8/10
it is laughable ... there are hundred of them
i am running through my mst3k dvd collection again
but `` hobgoblin '' is a whole 'nother ballgame.the worst part of it all may be that it is now about 12 hour
enjoyable feature for both child and grown-up .
instead bluth provides a surprisingly dark story
unfortunately
and worse ,
is the disappointingly uncharismatic vocal performance from burt reynold . )
that his overall contribution is unremarkable at best .
similarly wasted are loni anderson
all dog go to heaven could very well leave a bad taste in your mouth .
this movie was terrible !
it was a bomb.the acting was bad
to kill the monster.just plain bad do not even waste your time .
( 1/10 )
that have no understanding or experience with deployment or the military.person with military background or knowledge of the military will be disappointed with the inaccuracy .
this is actually an insult to the victim and their family of the btk killer .
do not even waste your time
jim henson 's muppet were a favorite of mine since childhood .
it is a waist to indulge such great actor in such a weak and boring movie .
you do not care about the message ,
he wears.one of the good wallace film from the 1960 's it is a solid little entertainment .
it would make an interesting double feature with the excellent earlier film.between 6 and 7/10 .
i was not disappointed in what i saw ;
then find a better script and budget.the special effect were so bad ,
and mostly badly computer generated ,
as well as pixar 's made these laughable ,
that it could quite possibly be the worst movie ever .
bad acting
bad cinematography
bad sound
stupid character .
to be the most laughably bad movie i
it was so bad ,
scary movie 2 is definitely the worst of the 4 film ,
bad acting
pretty tedious and some really cheesy joke .
historical accuracy are terrible .
i rather enjoyed this episode .
and to make matter worse
it is a powerful message
with a great performance .
is one of her best effort ;
9/10 .
is a slightly unsettling and rather fascinating experience .
funny thing is that the movie by those director i was thinking
ren\u00e9e soutendijk is pretty amazing as the leading lady
( in a subtle way ) .
prove again what an excellent actress she is .
but surprisingly
i also had fun with it
and that is the fun part :
de vierde man is a very much recommended viewing indeed
( especially if you enjoy a solid european psychological horror film ) .
.joki is truly true-to-life beautiful film of one saturday afternoon in a little village/town.the actor are maybe not so handsome or beautiful
but they do act beautifully.i certainly do hope
that gives so-called `` art film '' a bad name .
though i am perfectly willing to admit
who actually gets some deep message out of this film .
that it is a mess .
but he ends up more annoying
that funny here and the film is more than less a remake of the crappy 80 's classic `` santa claus the movie ''
but with out the camp or the bad sheena easton song at the end .
but this time he ends up more annoying than likable
but she is not much of a character at all other than a neurotic joke and poor kevin spacey ends up basically playing the same person
and you can not blame him and rachel weisz ,
a major disappointment .
it is deadly unfunny .
the most amazing aspect of `` lady ... '' is the berserk casting .
and he try to be moving and funny and poignant and smart ,
the saddest note is to see wonderful claire bloom and barbara sukowa completely miscast and offensively wasted .
if you want to see how to accomplish a really bad film out of a really bad script with a berserk casting director ,
- 1/10
think back to that day of the outcry of family of loved one .
that icebergs may have floated into the hazardous northern crossing ... bill paxton is the opportunistic undersea explorer in search for a very rare diamond
the incredible transformation of the bow of the sunken 'titanic '
including best picture ,
the visual effect are amazing ,
i just enjoyed many of the joke and scene present in this movie .
steve carell is perfect as the virgin nerd andy stitzer and i think
the romantic relation between the two main character is so beautiful
the visual are beautiful too .
the action is great
birthplace of the world 's best action movie .
absolutely recommended .
even the cover of the dvd looks cheap ,
some of the worst actor i\u00b4ve seen in my life
if you\u00b4re tired and want a cheap laugh ,
since i had loved the inspector gadget cartoon in the 80 's ,
i wasted my money .
great acting
one of the best thriller out there today !
why it was unforgettable .
while this film certainly does possess the stench of a bad film ,
it is surprisingly watchable on several level .
and because he was by far the worst actor in the film .
he can not eventually learn to be a great actor .
is considered one of the worst film of the 1950s.a second reason
the acting is bad
and the special effect are bad .
and the background is poorly projected behind them .
horrid continuity and mindlessly bad dialog abounds throughout the film
this would be a perfect example for a film class
it is fun to laugh at and short
so it is worth a look for bad film fan .
the cast vary from bad till even worse.the great austrian comic han moser is wasted .
but may be the original editing was bad as well .
it is kinda pointless to make remark about the show ,
it is fun to write about it .
the bad choice were all over the place !
baz lurhmann gets no `` best director '' nomination !
`` a beautiful mind '' is up for `` best make-up '' ? ? ? ?
the movie was awful ,
to clear up any bad feeling ,
that will go down as one of the greatest moment
is much more fun .
because in one instance one bad decision can change the direction of a life forever .
thing have a funny way of happening
has a great setting ;
this film also has great music ;
a few of my favorite song are 'silence ' by delerium
a cheap
it contains laughable effect
lame dialog
( funny how many of the kid from 90210 are doing cheap tv movie now )
he is not played as a hero or even sympathetic ,
they gave him a ridiculous wig and an unconvincing accent ,
forgettable .
that night of the twister was horrible ,
but it was far from great .
mediocre at absolute best .
except worse and with mundane special effect.i have nothing against the actor
even if they were not great ,
but the rest was more than disappointing .
but we can hear the fat sizzling in the flame.i do not want this sort of garbage
it is the best of all possible world .
and blames the heavy for it ,
though one of them is not entirely unsympathetic .
nightmare weekend stars a cast of ridiculous actor with even less of an idea
and even the sound is terrible .
but it has disappointed me and my friend
( a bad comedy ) .
that can save the movie.. india has been shot beautifully .
very well but could have been done much much better..animation is the worst i have seen in recent movie
i enjoyed it as a well mounted portrayal of the necessity of ingenious mind and ave body in the fight against crime .
were fun to watch .
this movie was terrible .
many of the actor and actress were not very great .
that were supposedly `` funny ''
were really stupid .
this movie should receive the worst possible rating
if you want to waste some time .
it is really bad tv .
it is bad both for artistic and reason financial reason .
moh is bad ;
be confusing or boring .
very bad ) ,
great director of photography like dean cundey
the `` master of horror '' is quite a lame approach to tv horror .
if not worse .
it gets boring and even annoying incredibly fast
but it is getting worst and worst with every episode :
and it is funny how they are starting to have complete unknown director
this third installment has higher production value and greater subtlety in both the acting and the story .
chasing after a group of really stupid person ,
who go on a really stupid hunt for them
by letting them live out their really stupid fantasy .
the whole thing is really stupid.you know
it has to be bad
some of their line were funny ,
but really enjoyed it .
but not too much for the weak stomached.not for person
definitely the worst movie i have ever seen ...
drawn from the worst cabaret tradition ,
but the lowest mark was 1/10
is poorly made ,
the acting bad and the cinematography just a bit overdone .
but you hope for the best .
but it only gets worse ,
combined with bad acting ,
but why waste my time .
and i am very disappointed.1/10 is for colin 's sweet little mustache in the end of the film .
i would given it 2/10 .
she is a wonderful actress
but this is an unfortunately unbalanced performance
do not really want to blame miss bening or most of the other performer
i felt so sorry for the wonderful jill clayburgh saddled with a cartoon bag lady costume and wig trying vainly to wrench something of significance from sketchy and clich\u00e9d dialogue .
they are great actress
that mr. muller has had a terrible time in his native land
that is housing one of the worst exponent of that philosophy.the film offer excellent acting all around .
mr. lukas does a great job portraying kurt muller ,
that made him a stage luminary on broadway.the other best performance
either that or it was just traumatisingly bad or both .
superb animation
this movie is an excellent film ,
i would be shocked to see any child under the age of 8 not completely terrified throughout a great deal of the latter half and some of the first half of the movie ,
and assume are bad does not make the movie itself bad ;
good funny movie are supposed to make us laugh ;
are the `` closeness '' of victim and bad guy ...
a scan not 8/10
it was amazing the first time i saw it
and its amazing now .
the play control is perfect ,
the graphic are beautiful ,
it is great there is a show out there
and really make it great to watch .
and just enjoy the ridiculous part
great timing
he is great ,
i love adam the best .
the only disappointing thing is that the only place i found to buy the season on dvd
that is disappointing ,
what a pathetic movie.i will not waste much time
i am still trying to get back the couple hour i wasted on it.let me leave
that substantially more talented person waste away in community theatre and karaoke bar
and cut cds.much of the failure of this movie was the pathetic no-talent
were one of the best
and it won george burn an oscar for best supporting actor .
some of it was funny
that aside this was fun .
burn is just great tossing off one-liner with ease
their verbal battle are the best sequence in the movie .
-- not great .
although it seems pointless .
but the entire movie is congruously ridiculous .
this movie was long and boring .
it is just a long boring shot .
none of my friend walked away disappointed
who creates some absolutely beautiful piece of art
poor paul mercurio .
the best film in history
stylish visual direction and excellent photography keep the movie mostly interesting throughout the two hour and eighteen minute length .
the lead actor are uniformly excellent .
the two weakness are the story and the fight scene .
great film
but the promised fight scene are disappointing .
his acting is great
i rated this film 7/10
which is an average of 8/10 for screenplay
direction and 1944 production value and 6/10 for acting.my acting rating in turn was calculated at 4/10 for all the screen character
who was excellent at 8/10.also i commend thomas gomez as inspector burgess
he personally does not think the guilty verdict on scott henderson ( alan curtis ) was just in view of his naive alibi.these two then form an alliance to prove scott 's alibi.i have this film on a `` suevia film noir cine negro '' dvd in spanish as `` la dama desconocida '' with the original soundtrack `` ingle '' as an alternative language
one of the best in his career.jessica lange is letter-perfect
and chemistry i have seen in a screen couple.john hurt gives his best snotty aristocrat performance.tim roth portrays one of the great screen villains.his rape of mary is repugnant
and harrowing.he really is a magnificent bastard in this movie.the final duel between rob and cunningham is one of the best swordfight ever.well scripted an scored ,
10/10 .
the plot is an absolute mess ,
this one is awful .
and still come out worse than any roger corman movie !
but declined due to the poor quality of the script !
'basically they tried their best to make a movie
bad-movie-merchandising-made-into-a-worse-game-in-two-weeks-and-then-shippe d-out-and-bought-by-morons-and-their-parents-for-christmas horrid .
the graphic were boring .
the monster were boring .
the level were boring .
the interface was boring .
the case was boring .
this was a boring game .
the home version was even worse !
while you were being bored silly by this pointless game !
which may explain the tedious use of matrix-style effect .
that made this entire experience remotely enjoyable
that everyone in the theatre was making fun of the movie out loud ,
all creature great and small is going to be !
seriously - avoid this movie at any cost .
and although i paid non-refundable money for it ,
and i lived through some pretty bad ones.it is one of those film
( and badly so )
simplest and cheapest joke in the book .
it is much funnier to read here
while high - all badly written and acted ) ,
you might actually find these genuinely funny ,
so it had lame joke
( delivered badly ) ,
was badly dubbed and edited \u0096
who can be a lot less funny zan zee german .
but do not watch this awful flick .
seeing as the world snooker championship final finished in a premature and disappointing manner with ronnie o`sullivan defeating greame dott by 18 frame to 8 bbc 2
and thought possibly it might be a cheap tvm
with real special effect from the best of hollywood .
avoid this movie at all cost .
see this only for study of how bad can be a movie ... ... ... ... ... .
sadly
and we are forced to focus on irena carter 's bland character
boring
every premise for a great movie was accomplished .
unfortunately these thing did not matter at all .
without suspense and awfully predictable .
that could have lead the producer to a great tensed psychological thriller ,
that combines perfectly fabulous special effect and great plot.after starship trooper
in stead of a great film
-- - it is too predictable .
perfect victim for bacon.
absolutely horrible. -- -
what was supposed to be a great movie
4/10
that is not a bad thing.anyway ,
if you enjoyed david fincher 's the game ,
because of the near unanimous bad review .
nick nolte was horrible ,
( and that is no fun ,
as the worst superhero movie ever.but then something happened .
about 3/4 of the way through this tedious movie
this was one of the best action
the ending got really stupid with bruce banner 's father
but what about the incredible hulk ?
guess what ... it is boring too !
the cgi in this movie is horrible .
the incredible hulk looked positively ridiculous .
actor or cinematographer ever could.worse ,
the incredible hulk was slightly more fast-paced ,
but there is absolutely not a single scene in the incredible hulk
the cartoonish cgi is an insult to the audience - at least in ang lee 's version
of course ) .it is absolutely mind-boggling how the filmmaker intended to erase the bad feeling
bad sf movie become good comedy
the ridiculous conception of mar as a planet so alien
it is never boring
only to make it all sound more and more ridiculous ) ,
is ridiculous .
the entire film was a boring
stupid
mess .
this is the worst horror film i have seen in year .
she is a bad actress !
that would be an insult to the talent of barbie !
stupid movie !
-- but i never in my wildest dream expected something so extremely extremely terrible .
the sound is crap the picture quality goes from bad to worse to good to bad again !
poor film making aside ,
absolutely ridiculous .
the thing i respect about most of my favorite b-rated movie are
complete with poor attempt at poignant line and dumb camera shot .
i still gave it 4/10 star ,
any better than this one did.my all-time favourite ''bad guy '' has to be oliver reed as bill sike .
was fantastic ,
the music is fantastic
carol reed did an excellent job of nancy 's sticky ending ,
but it was clear about 30 second in that this was either david lynch or something seriously terrible .
interesting to watch just to run through the fundamentalist laundry list .
the message seems to be
that god is a little greater than that .
well ... the movie was a fun watch .
and the zombie were just fun to watch .
all in all you can not expect schindler list but its a fun watch .
it was worse on the second time !
did the above 3/10 viewer actually watch the movie ? ? ?
it was so stupid .
that scene was so ridiculous.-too long for its own good ,
who was satisfactory at best .
as being the second best dirty harry movie yet ,
who thankfully grants the movie its only thespian-related redeeming feature .
with a weak story
and should be stricken from the playlist of even the most mundane and timid glb movie festival.amazingly for a pseudo-indie release
avoid it and you will not be missing out on anything good.rating : * *
played wonderfully by walter matthau ,
this movie is cute and fun ... a `` feel-gooder '' !
liza minelli did a wonderful job as the side kick -
my favorite scene is when arthur is visiting his fianc\u00e9e 's house .
`` arthur is truly `` funny stuff '' !
it is a very poorly produced product .
i feel deeply disappointed .
synthesizer generated uninspired score of lame `` period '' inspired romantic karaoke insults the viewer ears on more than one occasion .
but overall it is pretty lame and two-dimensional production in more than one way with no flash of genius from either the director or any member of the crew .
this movie is terrible
this is a great film
the lighting was horrible in some place ,
not a bad movie for fan of the b-movie genre ,
that is beautiful to behold .
the film appears to be a `` loving '' tribute to the greatest pin-up
that the film itself is virtually pointless .
of showing long and drawn-out re-enactment scene ... dark angel is not a horrible film -
and if you are that bad off -
then you need to seek treatment anyway ... 4/10
probably the worst dolph film ever .
do not waste your time .
the character is just plain stupid and stumble around aimlessly .
pointless .
i managed to grab a viewing of this with the aid of mst3k
even with the riffing this movie was excruciatingly bad .
is dismally bad ,
it is almost funny ,
the script is poorly written
and the dialogue verge on just plane stupid .
is absolutely laughable.if
you can not find the mst3k version ,
avoid this at all cost .
when i finally watched i was not disappointed.this movie has some altman-like flavor
is simply beautiful and inspiring .
this is one of the most overlooked gem hollywood
when a messanger is sent to ask the pilot to accompany him to heaven
as fantastic as it seems ,
the final scene is simply beautiful
this film is in my personal all-time favorite top 10 ,
and his lame con-man sidekick
to win a best picture oscar.jon voigt
befriended by a lame con-man
this is the very definition of milking a great and inventive original movie ...
i loved ellen burstyn 's performance
she is fantastic !
it was just so beautifully done .
this is the most messed up entry on imdb
i am afraid this one is pretty dreadful ,
bad lighting
poor audio
more than cancel out her excellent performance in `` new waterford girl '' .
to insert a lazy and lame `` deus ex machina '' device toward the end is hardly a surprise .
still it could be worse ,
i loved this movie
it was so touching and beautiful .
monster - he was great ;
i loved the special-effect
and it is very tedious .
a typical `` do not pollute the water '' message
- a horrible mutated monster .
this used to be the anti-nuclear bomb message from the 1950
was mostly stupid .
but this was not funny .
as the korean guttural voice sound got annoying
but turned out to be a big letdown and even boring in too many spot ,
the politic of the movement in bolivia were only alluded to but rarely confronted didactically .
che realized the terrible corundum of revolutionist in his letter to fidel read at the beginning of the film :
out expecting the worse .
the preview made the film look awful .
it had some very funny moment in it and although flawed is an effective satire on the show and the person on the show
mainly by the awful soundtrack of bludgeoning 'comedy ' effect
and it would be proclaimed 'the worst film ever made ' .
the film is shot beautifully
it features an arrangement of great character
all in all 8/10 great plot character
' completely ignored the great depression
to avoid clashing with ginger 's blonde hair )
another woo 's masterpiece ! this is a best wuxie film i am
john woo - greater director of the century.maybe hi is not more intellectual than lot of big director ...
his movie like the great poetry !
which fits perfectly with the image .
multiple exposure of the dancer represent the patient ' point of view and their confused `` view '' of the world.these are just two example from this amazing film
the vulnerable doctor falls for the career badman ,
and loved it .
from start to finish.the plot is so weak ,
i am getting in a bad mood
do not watch this movie.life 's to short to waste it on watching crappy movie .
loved the film !
both of which are two of my favorite .
poor michael madsen ; he must be kicking himself to know
folk have found out about this horrible flick .
i really can not think of anything worse i have ever seen
it is that bad
bad script
walsh and laura flyyn boyle are the perfect pair
cage excel at what he does best-
( mantegna is superbly charismatic ) .
that dr. ford is not a very sympathetic character ,
named jay jay and the best thing
about the movie is that he wears a succession of funny hat .
this was a truly awful movie but in a bad way .
great kevin peter hall ,
if it was as bad as all that .
but the execution and the script is mediocre .
not the worst horror movie i have seen
( the best tv series today can hardly compete with these old moderately good serial . )
it is not stupid ;
stupid are those
unpretentious and friendly fun.without
the poor sexy girl is in fact multiply kidnapped\u0097in a sarcophagus
.surprisingly ,
leads him to make serious error of judgement and to fail to recognise the need for any code of conduct
and to avoid fulfilling the low expectation
bad script
bad direction
almost as funny as `` spinal tap ''
i loved the idea of this film from the moment
an auto mechanic falls in love with a beautiful woman ,
( who exemplifies the worst of experimental psychology )
and you have pure fun.the film is filled with great character actor and delightfully sweet and daffy performance .
tim robbin is wonderfully endearing
who lacks a single romantic bone in his body.the film fell below most radar ,
is just as funny as matthau.matthau :
a refreshingly hilarious
juvenile and stupid ,
-- funny character
smart and funny dialogue
and grand entertainment.one of the best buddy comedy of all time
and also its fantastic
a good 90 % of the film move along perfectly .
perhaps not as subtle
and horse carry the story forward beautifully .
it belongs amongst the best film ever made .
which would have been great
some of the lip-synching is pretty poor ,
probably the worst film i have ever seen ,
the acting and story were terrible
the acting is awful ,
perhaps the worst part is that the film 's eschatological position is biblically unsound .
she was a wonderful voice for cinderella ; very appealing ; very believable .
the music really fit the movie perfectly .
the acting was great ;
loved the mice ! !
they were just awful .
the spoiled behavior very well.this is a wonderful movie ,
as it gets pretty stupid in the second half .
even her high-pitched voice got a bit annoying in here .
so-so at best and a sub-par ending for a great actress .
she is perfect .
it fails.then again ,
that could darn near happen in real life.diana is doing poorly in school .
and is an example of some great work by a first time director .
but if you are not up on the latest stupid pop culture
why waste your time .
and have more fun than this movie will provide .
2/10 .
it was a great concept
that was ruined with a horrible script .
and was disjointed at best .
this made for a maddeningly boring watchit could have been so good :
it is great
that mental illness is not a terrible word anymore
she was great and always will .
she would be wonderful as a mentor to young person .
it is a very funny time pass
it is colourful and fun so on a boring sunday evening this will sure lighten your mood .
whoopi 's work as emcee was very funny
i personally loved her last apperance ,
and they are all beautiful and captivating .
the animation is also superb and the music captures the feeling in the film perfectly .
the movie also explores the love and disappointment
giving a subtle and laconic performance .
and was played out in copland-like arrangement .
the only negative was a slight anti-gun message
the movie 's only nod to political correctness.i give this movie a10/10 ;
in time it will be acknowledged as a great film .
this movie is a ridiculous farce of film-making .
to find such a rare picture ,
person like you are a rare find .
and it is - unfortunately - worse
the screenplay is full of intentionally funny dialogue .
but also some awfully bad acting moment .
from the technical point of basic instinct 2 is a mediocre movie
for instance the scene of crazy joyride is done poorly .
the film looks cheap
and badly edited at time .
it had the best sharon stone 's performance in her career .
unfortunately basic instinct 2 is a unintentionally funny movie ,
badly directed and a sure razzie award winner in many category .
that it is was boring ,
2. this movie has the worst snowman joke ever .
the joke is so bad
lousy script .
acting not quite as bad as the writing ,
but still bad .
a much funnier film with this same exact idea is `` movie movie
sucks so bad.anyway ,
do not waste your 90 minute .
serious home alone/karate kid knock off with enough bad character stereotype to have the writer sued and then shot .
rather than fighting i get a lot more fun out of it
and this film is one of the best in term of fantastical plotting and crazy flying shenanigan .
the great
perhaps best off all is joey wang as the fox spirit
giving every forest scene a wonderfully bewitching atmosphere .
this is a beautiful piece of entertainment
highly recommended .
when i refer to malice as a film noir i am not likening it to such masterpiece as sunset boulevard
after seeing the whole film for the first time i rate it as a 7/10
to become an 8/10 .
to avoid rewinding
the sci-fi channel has made some bad `` original '' movie ,
this might possibly be their worst so far !
this badly written and directed `` jurassic park '' rip-off offer all the usual clich\u00e9s
who 's only function in the film
is to die a horrible death
unsurprisingly
the special effect are atrocious\u0097the puppet head in close-up of the title beasty are bad enough ,
but the cgi\u0097which makes the computer-generated dinosaur in `` walking with dinosaur '' look life-like by comparison\u0097are just downright awful .
and the death scene of the scientist at the end is truly one of the worst thing
it was so bad !
do not waste your time ,
this one is just downright bad.2/10 .
their best course of action is to run for it .
unfortunately ,
poor howard so stuck on his spielbergian knockoff quality
too bad for howard
is just awful .
to be loved and the need
that makes sense to him and john torturro expresses this in a beautiful fashion
unfortunately i doubt
i enjoyed cut thouroughly .
a genre normally restricted to the mainstream hollywood film.with all the usual cooky comedy and dramas coming out of australia i loved
and ultimately just a bit of fun .
i enjoyed it .
the child loved it
apart from its beautiful and striking animation
combined with the skill and artistry of some of disney 's best animator .
) this film is funny
clever and great fun for the whole family !
it is best to go to your dentist
then it is best not to watch this
the dentist has the best bloody revenge in it that i have ever seen .
the best cheech and chong movie so far ! !
of all the cheech and chong this is most certain the best so far .
but this is most definitely the best .
because they still are great comedian .
it is a rather bland and flat performance .
we have the worst ever sound effect
but in that annoying way .
an actually not-so-bad story
and overall execution of the plot are weak .
( too bad fox was not around in 1985 ) .
that is simply bad ,
especially now that it has found the perfect eternal home on late night tv and cable .
it is certainly a horrifying proposition to waste your time watching this crap .
( usually dull and illogical )
you would soon get tired of the resulting pointless plot .
unsurprisingly
the plot ends up being incoherent and stupid .
are all wonderful .
the script is snappy and fun and the overall production value quite high .
this is truly the greatest swedish movie of all time .
the whole time.while it is not a 'must see ' or a great film by any standard ,
the screenwriter poorly attempted to re-create the `` exorcist ' .
extremely boring
this movie did horrible in the movie theater
lame concept
making the movie become pathetic and delusional about how dark and intelligent
a ridiculous movie like hulk is a cinematic masterpiece ) .
if you want mind-numbingly boring horror ,
the dynamic between the person are what makes it both funny and sad .
my favorite scene is the one
even if it is hilariously funny !
that they enjoyed themselves
serb humor at it is best !
hopelessly inept and dull movie
when the heroine carefully winds the octopus like tentacle of a flesh eating plant around her before weakly thrashing about
they also don`t get anymore boring than this either ,
but there`s worse to come
`` monster '' would be fun ...
how awful the end result was ,
it is a weak script ,
it is best seen
sort of mindless fun .
there is something less than solid here .
which was full of disappointment and regret .
a confused mess from start to finish .
there was a secret message
you would come away with the same degree of disappointment.apart from all of this psychedelic hodge podge of flashback and false start ,
and the two cardinal sin of any bad movie carried from start to finish .
a non-existent and pathetic story line
and by far the worst
scott does an incredible job as scrooge .
nearly the entire cast is incredible .
buy your ticket to the festival of bad movie aka sundance.what a sad waste .
i find this film a beautiful shown example of a severe psychic trauma
it is actually fun to watch .
corbin bernsen gives a surprisingly non-lackluster performance as a crazed dentist
i guess is the absolute worst
the set design is superb and without gloss .
the early career of abe lincoln is beautifully presented by ford .
perfectly evoking early 19th century america .
is beautiful
any resemblance is remote at best.my only qualm with the king of mask ,
it was weak
cliche and about as subtle as a sledgehammer .
highly recommended .
the lord of the ring was a great adaptation of the story
and ice is a great achievement from bakshi from an animation point of view .
you still get some of the dull still-cell and slightly blurred background painting
here it enhances the film 's unique atmosphere.unfortunately the film fails
and tigra especially sounds really terrible
it is still a hella cool and really funny .
that this film ison of the director 's best .
fall in and out of love with some of the most quirky and beautiful woman
ben gazzara is excellent as the head detective persuing audrey hepburn
this film has some great performance by a supurb cast .
and colleen camp has one of her best role as the manic country singer christy miller .
highly recommended !
\u0096 it is a great part :
and those are his great character name ,
fortunately the music is so great ,
but what surely gets forgotten is that two such excellent actor ought something else to the party instead :
if brando and simmon had not been in it with their wonderful chemistry ; brando 's unpredictability ; simmon ' face
beautiful .
all character are cast and portrayed excellently .
`` absolute dog s**t and an insult to those of us with with enough ain
along with the incredibly weak plot line in the movie ,
this movie was nothing but a disappointment .
although it had great actors/actress ,
i was pretty disappointed in what i believe was one of audrey hepburn 's last movie .
i will always love john ritter best in slapstick .
he was just too pathetic here .
some film can get by with a weak
plot with superb acting
i do not knock or blame the actor for that
the dialogue was at best mediocre ,
want a great recipe for failure ?
add in some weak ,
completely undeveloped character and than throw in the worst special effect
that takes bad movie to dangerous and exotically low places.the movie
this is not one of those bad movie
and make fun of .
boring
sad waste of time .
corpse grinder ii is the biggest waste of energy and talent i have ever seen .
when you have poor direction ,
poor storywriting
poor everything ,
you have shown me what is truly awful ,
that are merely crappy or boring .
this could well be the worst film i
it starts badly
we have hitler 's father cursing his own bad luck on the `` fact ''
when he catches up with the poor thing
hitler bully and intimidates a poor
this movie was extremely poorly conceived from every angle except technological .
how could the movie really be bad .
i `` thought '' i enjoyed the action ,
lex luther 's got something fantastic up his sleeve.superman three now there is a three-way love story between superman and lana and clark
often to the point of blandness
he is not bad ,
he is not bad ,
which really is not funny and seems artificial at time ,
and the direction which is pedestrian to the port of dullness .
but otherwise this is just a disappointment .
funny thing is
or at best a small
they are extremely fun to watch ,
and rarely going out for `` meat '' or human to eat .
one of the best tarzan films is also one of its most action packed
its an amazing film by almost any standard .
best of all its the sort of film
its an amazing thing.i really like this film a great deal.if there are any flaw to the film ,
this is one of the great adventure .
this was 94 minute of jaw-dropping horribleness !
an otherwise excellent flick ) .
and the rest of the cast was worse ,
there being no word to describe their awfulness .
worse than the acting
a cad and user of woman with no redeeming quality whatsoever .
some great sublime transcendental stuff amongst some of the most horrible trash i have ever seen .
the fianc\u00e9 's boorish son and the military attach\u00e9 's vying for the maid 's attention looked stupid
this film is an obvious attempt by renoir
an amazingly intimatelook at too eccentric
she is stillbeautiful and full of life.in grey garden ,
she made decade ago isone of the film best scene ) ,
lar von trier creates a noir atmosphere of post-war germany utterly captivating .
just wonderful .
i was so disappointed
some great thing can come out of such a little country ,
is incredible .
i was very disappointed
and the clip of their past were poorly edited
what could have been a great idea for a movie
became a waste of my $ 1 credit at the video store .
uninspired direction leaves a decent cast stranded in a handsome but bland adaptation ,
the film does a solid job
and bill pullman is perfect as their sleazy lawyer .
`` the straight story '' is a truly beautiful movie about an elderly man
dreadful
dreadful movie ...
but kinda fun to read
only without the benefit of being funny ...
crummy action scene and bad
bad acting .
i find it kind of fascinating in its badness ...
this is the second adaptation of `` beowulf '' i have been disappointed with in a year .
that one was only a little disappointing .
this one is a mess ! ! !
pointless love interest ?
or the bad cgi
even worse was the way
they made beautiful marina sirtis look so horrible ! ! !
and lets not even talk about that ridiculous crossbow ?
you will be infinitely disappointed by this dismal ,
fascinating
is so lame
it is funny .
and un-suspenseful it is funny .
not truly bad .
a 1/10 movie would .
it is not terrible enough
so it is a bad movie ,
but there are much worse one out there .
that i really enjoyed it ,
not a great movie ,
but an enjoyable one .
how bad it is .
who made this stupid movie
and they wasted much of my personal time
has a cast of loser and poor actor !
it was not that bad .
but for an indie slasher it is not that bad .
and it will not be that bad .
and lloyd kaufman 's cameo is wonderfully understated .
dick tracy is one of my all time favorite film .
this movie is amazing !
and the impressive acting make this film fantastic .
the film has bloodless violence and no bad language
that is something rare these day .
this is one of the best character
she has the best one liner i have heard !
****excellent***good**fair*poor`go ahead
the film still lacks impact and believability .
almost everything else works out absolutely beautifully .
mostly enunciated in perfect and modern and highly understandable voice -
julie christie as gertrude is surely one of the best ever ,
`` this is terrible !
but it is a funny story -
and it made a great impression on me ,
i must pronounce branagh 's hamlet to be my favorite one
10/10 for an absolutely tremendous hamlet .
are all cavorting around a post-apocalyptic barren wasteland wreaking all sort of mayhem .
`` now i like the occasional terrible movie ,
i rated this film a solid `` 1
( awful ) '' --
because it is one of the most legitimately dreadful effort at movie-making i
given that marvelous title.so what is really `` good '' about this bad movie ?
or ridiculous fashion.exterminator of the year 3000 also has a fair supply of `` dialogue-so-bad-it-becomes-funny
provided in great part by crazy bull
shakespearean paraphrase and oddly pg-style insult are all
and that is terrific.despite its quality kill and bad dialogue
if you are looking for a truly entertaining bad movie ,
and bad dialogue
in which the audience is forced to follow the character in protracted and boring car `` chase '' and long desert hiking sequence ... all in all
a pretty good awful movie
but it certainly avoids the trap
of making this look like a boring tv soap in costume ,
however during a demonstration in front of his fellow scientist it fails
however dornwinkle has perfected his invisibility serum
sorry coogan and tony marke is awful .
that just fails in every department .
the comedy is lame and every joke miss by the proverbial mile ,
is funny .
that too is lame .
dull
predictable
boring and has highly annoying and unlikable teenage character's.director rifkin or coogan or whatever does absolutely nothing
to try and make the invisible maniac an even slightly enjoyable experience .
unfortunately he was invisible at the time
because this is one seriously cheap looking film .
the invisible maniac is a poorly made film throughout
i found no redeeming features in it at all ,
there is no reason whatsoever to waste your time on this rubbish .
definitely one to avoid .
that turn out so annoying
so i blame marc lawrence and sam weisman .
combine the director of `` what the worst
unfortunately this film survived as yet another testament to canada 's inability
if the person lapping up these public fund had had to compete ,
whoopi goldberg gave her best screen performance by mile .
( otherwise best known as judas in the 1973 film of jesus christ superstar )
as preacher samuel.beautifully paced and sensitively written
slim slam slum is a sad and disappointing picture .
it is so bad
whose flamed temper often exasperates bozz 's tension with the idea of going to war .
kind of disappointing since witnessing the character in action
( or bad )
and i looked forward to seeing the movie with its superb cast .
it was unbelievably predictable and just plain unfunny .
of course they tried time and time again to get the cheap laugh ,
the reality was disappointing .
most of the action was predictable .
this is the worst film i
i consider the film an insult to my ain as well as my backside
but this is so bad i can not even believe it .
and end up being mediocre .
martin did a great job adapting a classic story into a comedy in `` roxanne '' ,
best to rent `` great expectation '' .
the plot and the character are perfunctory .
the more predictable ending would have been preferable to one
that is so bad .
perhaps the film maker saw how predictable the film was
that made the movie even worse.stay away .
is weak ,
in the worst role of a very inconsistent career )
who has the film 's best dialogue ) ,
this is the worst film
which is the best one-word summary i
that is great.i felt
and i *loved* the style
( music-wise 10/10 )
and he has done a remarkable job.the dialogue between ben and sam is just amazing.and
and then beats him with the stick.the movie is often very funny
that this was a b movie at best .
that the acting in all case was awful
it was ridiculously shallow
this movie did a great disservice to the cause .
awful
terrible
one does not get to enjoy this gem
( as a rare hero ) ,
it also contains some wonderful line .
i just saw it again and loved it .
and this is a great triumph for him
-- and for which he earned the best actor oscar .
it is a wonderful portrait of an actor losing his mind
though `` othello '' was an excellent choice
with some overtone of film noir .
as colman had excellent support from signe hasso
the great george cukor was directing ,
it is a wonderful film from start to finish .
and it spawned one of the greatest sitcom on television .
7/10 .
so it can take its hallowed place as on of the greatest film of all time in ten to twenty year
is one of the most fascinating and artistic view of the bleakness and almost psychotic uncertainty
like you are watching some lost espionage noir classic from the late 1940 's with the perfectly lighted black and white scene ,
10/10
a deadly accident ings out the very best in everyone
even at threat of great loss ,
`` kameradschaft '' still has the strong and timeless message :
meryl streep is excellent in her nuanced and stoic performance as the infamous lindy chamberlain
as unsympathetic
the film 's first half is driven by the excellent performance of dutton as reverend willie taylor and evenly spreads the storyline between the family .
through and the black family is completely forgotten in a dull
and downright awful 2nd half .
4/10 .
this movie reunites some of the best director from around the world such as gus van sant
in this film we also have one of the best cast
including such great actor like willem dafoe
gerard depardieu and many more each one with great performance .
of sitting through that piece of human waste
that uwe boll cranks out as the `` worst film ever made . ''
he has created the single most annoying and convoluted patchwork of a movie i
of the potential this plot would have had without the poorly written character ,
without the bad writing ,
and without all that unnecessary and unfunny comedy .
my best advice to those reading this would be to simply rent
movie is lousy .
the worst i have seen this year .
it looked ridiculous.the color tone were way off .
this 'movie ' is poorly made
and poorly done.the plot - you got to be kidding .
do not waste your time or money on it .
i love columbo and have seen pretty much all of the episode but this one undoubtedly ranks as the worst of the lot .
a mind-bogglingly tedious
pointless
that wastes both the time of the viewing audience and of the acting talent of an exceedingly bored-looking peter falk .
( or possibly annoying )
as it sounds ridiculous ?
and all true columbo fan would do well to avoid it like the plague .
the movie was perfectly cast-with pollen and bellows especially-i was not that impressed with the book .
rarely have i read a
not fascinating and more confusing
annoying and depressing then anything else .
the movie is watchable and for some reason does not leave as bad a taste in your mouth as the book
it as absolutely incredible to me
and was intended to be a ave condemnation of hitler and the terrible suffering
it fails abysmally as a work of art.the only good performance here are from paul lukas ,
the child are ridiculously shown as robotically well-behaved little snip .
a great actress
his armature cast 's performance was superb .
but she did a great job as a naive girl
and it is funny seeing man with camera get all excited
that is supposed to be unpredictable and original in plot or direction !
albeit stupid at time
wonderful performance
yes some of the joke are stupid ,
i still remember the complete waste
unfortunately
and it sounded like it may be enjoyable .
and complete waste of time
a great deal of work and money has been put into a film
that is amateur at best.the editing drag on ,
michael keaton an excellent comic performer
who fares best at murdering the english language.i associate many childhood memory with this film ,
that even relays some well meaning message about the danger of smoking
but it is hard to recommend.7/10 .
the acting was so laughable
that would have helped me avoid this atrocity and frankly something
that movie this poor should be required
avoid this movie no matter what .
this film was boring .
he was boring ,
and she was annoying .
even though it fails on so many different level .
this movie is horrible- in a 'so bad
arguably his best .
you will be amazed at how such a wonderful film could go un-noticed .
you i was not disappointed .
different and funny story .
were all very funny and jon voight
most recommended !
( the good and the bad )
because it was bad .
the writing was in fact embarrassingly bad .
two person from opposing side in a great war are seen wandering about through the entire episode .
-- as you learn in the really stupid and totally unconvincing conclusion .
usually the twist at the end makes the episode great
having to suffer through the rest of this senseless mess.honestly ,
who has that great barbara steele kind of dark
there is also an excellent music score
definitely one of funny man eddie murphy 's lesser films is this nonsense about a kidnapped mystical child
he is `` the best man in the world '' .
( the comedy is not so great mind you ) ,
the movie fails on many level .
very silly and disappointing.sunday
it was funny in spot .
maybe its not that bad .
unfortunately i did .
the acting was awful ,
the monster was the biggest disappointment of the movie .
3/10 .
most unfortunately
poor parker .
most issue were treated with sensitivity and subtlety .
if you love those funny tale of love ,
as he is approached by various beautiful woman and handsome man
babs steele is undeniably beautiful .
it looks as synapse did a great job with picture enhancemant ,
that is less than perfect .
angela lansbury is extremely funny
but compare the dull visual effect of `` blithe spirit '' to the truly groundeaking effect in disney 's `` song of the south ''
when hearing quincy jone ' first note or seeing the wonderful color of purple of the flower in the meadow .
the whole cast gives the best performance in a film i
all give us their best
margaret avery is wonderful as shug avery ,
the director and the music makes this beautiful ,
that i have seen worse movie ,
but thats not the worst of it .
this outing for harmon place her solidly at the bottom of the `` b '' list.and what was cuba gooding thinking ? ? ?
but this was far beneath what we have come to expect from him.poor jame wood and burt reynold .
poor poor poor poor poor .
this is almost the worst film
the prop are a perfect example of what frank zappa once referred to as 'cheepnis . '
the plot is predictable .
if only to experience what has to be one of the biggest waste of a tiny budget ever .
this is a priceless example of a stupid movie !
happening horrible killing .
mediocre protagonist
excellent musical score taken from oman i and iii by the great jerry goldsmith .
the motion picture is badly directed by jorge montesi and dominique othenin girard .
it was a bit bizarre and evil and i enjoyed it a lot ,
the character in the show were great as well ,
to see it cut off.. i would have loved to see
it was great to something different on tv .
i would have loved to see what would have happened .
this is the most compelling and excellent performance
it even surpasses his wonderful performance as `` johnny eager '' coming a full 14 year after that film .
along the way charlie kills a family of indian and captures the beautiful dea pagent .
lloyd nolan as the drunken skinner is wonderful with his wise crack and accordian playing .
to make the great diva look good ,
their effort only make streisand look bad .
even though this was one of streisand 's greatest box office hit ,
it is arguably her worst film
and contains her worst performance.anyway ,
the filmmaker actually see esther as a sympathetic victim ;
just so the film can indulge in the lame racism
this movie is so great
if you want something really bad
or something lame like that )
perhaps a little too subtle for today 's youngster ,
is a perfect leisurely pastime of a story ,
can very well be categorized as a sleeper gem .
this movie is great.now ,
which acts as a funny music video for 'bad ' and 'speed demon ' ,
the stop motion is not that bad as some would have you believe .
it is passable.then we see the great video for 'leave me alone ' ,
the plot is laughable .
very laughable .
the amazing 'smooth criminal ' sequence.it is a so-so film ,
but it is fantastic for anyone
clara lago is wonderful as the title character of the film
the film is shot beautifully
who does a great job as carol .
because they are so beautifully developed ,
`` an albacore around my neck '' is my favorite of johnny boy .
macarthur is a great movie with a great story
about a great man general douglas macarthur .
the story of one of america 's great military figure ,
this film would be of much greater significance to one familiar with both ww ii and the korean war .
peck 's portrayal of this great man
( which was great
that was the failure of the director or perhaps the underlining message
but it strained my eyes.the movie also enjoyed playing trick on you \u0096 an interesting build-up gave me hope for the slow moving story
asian ' fascination with bodily fluid and a horrible music score
the average bland asian thriller.i just do not get
that still lurks amongst us \u0096 tetanus.4/10
this version of `` moby dick '' insults the audience by claiming
this is perhaps the greatest example of how far hollywood
and change a famous novel just to beef up its chance at the box office.all of the novel 's beautiful
the world is a terrible place .
every actor in this one had fun .
`` ... the best version ever '' .
but it is not bad .
the worst film i have seen for a long while .
worse ,
life of the saint lacks their innovation let alone their depth and shading .
that it received funding
'presque rien ' is a beautifully observed portrait of the experience of a young french homosexual .
it is a wonderfully naturalistic film ,
superbly acted ,
the dialog was bad .
the dialog was bad .
i was slightly disappointed in the series ,
and no matter how bad these movie are ,
he finances them all himself through some kind of bizarre german fund
complete failure is one of the great mystery of the universe.it would not be so bad
except that video game developer keep giving their best property to this guy .
i really enjoyed the alone in the dark series of game .
when they make a bad movie out of a game
i would not be disappointed .
but that was fun to watch .
to show off this new technology in short bit of cartoon-like happening with beautiful color and imaginative scene .
stoner must have really loved this.it is a nice
and i do not blame it one bit .
but a bad
boring
and pointless movie .
that it 'was all just a mess ' ;
( rich and poor )
it is not that bad ,
characterisation is notably weak ,
unfortunately however
although this dynamic works best
it rarely stems outside of the typical confine of the odd-couple formula.kate
yet what baby mama lacks
and the remainder usually fell to shepard.it is a rare thing of course
in this respect baby mama avoid being unbearable ,
sniper is by most account a very solid thriller ,
does surprisingly well
just random scene of ridiculous action .
the sixth installment of the nightmare on elm street series and once again another bad sequel .
that i am just getting more and more disappointed though with these sequel ,
this is one of the worst sequel ,
this just had bad acting
stupid editing ,
and just over all a bad idea for a story .
not father knows best.2/10
that it was one of the worst film i
although visually fascinating
it was pretty boring and disturbing
and if you think of those wonderful soundtrack by michael nyman
fails to deliver with this one ,
unfortunately
( though this has a valid plot reason later on ) .i would have loved to see some 1930s zombie attack helpless city folk ,
that could be a great one with a little script re-working
we get one of those gem performance from real pro .
the only over the top performance is from the always reliable eduardo cianelli as a mob boss with a messianistic complex .
and marjorie main is excellent
and gets her best role since `` dead end '' .my bid for this one is a second feature on a double bill with something like `` city for conquest '' .hooray for warner !
godawful ... the kind of film
where kader and anupam play the blind and deafthis movie is a tedious exercisethe film has joke of such nonsense that you do not feel like laughing like snehal dabi 's head getting stuck in the back of the horse and all those type comedy
which we do not laugh at now but mock the film starts off in a clich\u00e9d manner and some scene are funny sadly such moment do not last long
even the comedy gets boring the twist is well handled
and we have all ott chase scene and fight scenedirection by inder kumar is bad music is okay
you my angelvivek is awful in the comic scene ,
his timing is very bad
i can not even define its central message for myself.nevertheless ,
to it is pervasive mood and powerful message ,
a sparkling film with a great cast
and enjoyed it immensely .
really bad .
and not in a mst3k kinda way.virtually unwatchable
as a couple of bozos do their best `` hip cat '' impression of abott and costello.chessecake can usually save cheesy sci fi
this movie was so horrible .
i am so glad i did not have to pay money to see this horrible movie .
but it was really bad .
it was really really bad .
it was completely ridiculous ,
and it you want to see a bad movie
all and all horrible movie
it might actually be on my top 10 worst film i
this is one of the most amazing story i
her best .
is a beautiful film ,
how many more of these god awful cheaply
( and badly )
but also a matching piece of eye candy and his annoying son.the supposed luxury cruise liner
the one liner predictable
( although even this film is so bad
it was a very bad year - even by hollywood standard .
the character and their relationship are so completely incredible and shallow
the plot is just pointlessly absurd rather than comically absurd ,
and it usually just has the feel of a really bad
( and cheap )
it is not funny )
and is rather a very poor last work .
it is definitely one work in the great director 's canon
this is by far the worst movie i have ever seen .
otherwise it is a boring piece of work and the only reason i
ever 90 minute are a waste in this case ...
cruel intention 2 is bloody awful
i mean uber-bad .
how bad it is ,
it is poorly written
unfunny
and badly acted .
but in cruel intention 2 tried to make it funny and some of the idea in the film should not be ,
it should be avoid .
and tweety asked `` was it beautiful ?
it would make thing even worse .
it really was not as bad as i thought
who did the voice for frodo sounded somewhat like elijah wood.not the greatest adaptation of a book ,
i have seen a lot worse .
but this dreadful screenplay
which was predictable since the beginning of the film .
now a great artist can die in the arm of her great artist son ,
speaking sad contemplation about live in perfect german ,
that the german film subsidy fund is not always producing good film ,
to fail so abysmally on both front ... .really awful .
though ... ..the mst3k version
nice movie with a great soundtrack
the story of cinderella is one of my favorite from charle perrault
enchanting masterpiece from disney.the film has a great soundtrack ;
my favorite song is the romantic
my favorite scene is the scene after the narration ,
diamantino costa is one of the best portuguese director ;
this title is starred by one of the best portuguese comedian of all time ,
herman jos\u00e9 and jos\u00e9 pedro gome are great .
its a very funny movie ! !
quite restrained and yet conveyed a oad spectrum of emotions.the ending is wonderful .
boom mic operation and other technical aspect of this film are laughable ,
unfortunately its not the only area .
that have been saved by their script great characterization and plot ,
this unfortunately has an awful script
awful acting and worst of all
awful annoying character .
he would get what to this day goes down as one of the best gifts
fun and magical about my childhood .
and this made a great spot to pretend
no need to defend my opinion of these movie as some of the greatest of all time .
kick and incredible stunt .
the humour on the whole is pretty unsubtle ,
not complaining.the acting is not too subtle
i am not sure there was anything subtle about 'police story ' at all .
unfortunately the trailer is better than the movie ,
and i am totally disappointed with this dull and implausible collection of clich\u00e9s .
the gang of criminal is formed by the favorite clich\u00e9 of american movie
an excellent period murder melodrama
because fontaine is wonderful .
and also later penned the excellent script for the classic british horror film night of the demon .
played by the wonderful una o'connor
this was an incredibly bad idea ! !
the cast was excellent
the best thing about this film
is that the bad review seem to get him to wake up and realise
but after the presentation i was total disappointed and furious .
was horrible .
that can belongs to the worst of the film\u00b4s history .
this romantic comedy is not too bad .
there are some funny thing happening here and there ,
while some scene are great fun ,
i found the `` romantic '' part of the story poor .
it is not really a bad movie ,
unfortunately ) .
it is poor writing ,
sloppy dialog and annoying moralizing make for a very slow film .
`` fungicide '' is quite possibly the most incompetent
a hint of fun
who are simply too awful to write about .
really weak.i can not believe money was spent on this camcorder-shot rubbish .
that friend and family of the maker come onto imdb and post mendacious review and give stupidly high user rating
`` fungicide '' is an absolute travesty of film-making .
very stupid or very
kurt russel is my favorite actor so i think
that it should have more then a 5.6/10 on the meter
along with a badly injured person
that are never explained to any great deal of satisfaction .
played by the ever fantastic tom savini ,
the character 's are poor ,
and the tom savini character is great
the acting is generally pretty poor save for savini
rather than acting.forest of the damned was a pretty poor horror film ,
it would be bad
i enjoy laughing at bad movie .
i did not know how bad though .
too bad they could not have picked jeri ryan .
this is the worst sequel on the face of the world of movie .
the killer still kills for fun .
that it is the stupidest movie ever.do not watch this .
i enjoyed this movie .
and felt he fit this role perfectly .
it is fun to contemplate the possibility of such spiritual guidance .
this movie is by far the best film adaptation of his work .
one of the best true-crime movie ever made and very faithful to truman capote 's book
nancy clutter 's beloved horse
will geer has a great turn as the prosecutor in the short trial scene
this is a solid movie ,
this is just plain lame .
it is not even laughably bad like jolly roger or alien abduction
by the way are pretty bad ) .
this is just bad !
i can appreciate and/or forgive bad
acting or lame special effect in an asylum movie ,
who was not a great director
before and being a great admirer of bette davis wanted to see her in a role
considered one of her early great one .
bette davis was one of the greatest film actor ,
and he did it superbly .
he was a subtle and intelligent
and it is fun to watch .
misty munda 's makeup is bad in this movie
this is one of the best movie i
as well in my opinion.some of my favorite part of the movie were the opening scene with the whipping and the barn shooting scene .
i also enjoyed that.i recommend taking the time to watch this movie ,
the plot of this terrible film is so convoluted i have put the spoiler warning up
incoherent mess .
arthur askey 's great skill as a comic was in the way
giving a totally bland reading of the part
it is esthetically beautiful .
i absolutely loved that .
i could not help but remember my favorite movie of last year little miss sunshine ) .
where they mess up their trick
are very funny .
and joke about dog biting bad guy in a certain area .
but some of it is actually very funny .
jame belushi is funnier
may not be so for a great many other person
- wonderfully manifested in one of these piece .
greater distance seem to decrease the magnitude of the disaster .
that would be a too simple reading of the diverse message manifested through the segmants .
and so should clear up the mess
who for year have been gearing up fanatical fundamantalism ,
the world is in a terrible mess ,
that are acting so unsympathetically
who would fare the best
acting is very flat and a very predictable plot .
as the message and moral of the story will always be relevant as long
meet girl..boys loses girl ... boy gets girl back ... .the weakest role goes to the late kent smith as lt. general webster
see it.red button is great ...
to see this woman seek revenge.this is a weak film ,
because it does not deliver a message of any kind ,
if you decide to waste your time watching this ,
that passed under the radar.the great thing
it has a very good concept and its excellent tense thriller material with a sniff of crime/film-noir element .
`` panic in the street '' remains a perfectly watchable movie ,
mainly due to its solid script and powerful dialog
for fan of the thriller genre this is a great movie to watch.8/10
once in the uk and sadly is unavailable on dvd or vhs.if anyone can trace a copy please let
it would probably be a big disappointment
running around an otherwise scenic mediterranean locale clad in that ridiculous looking cowboy outfit ...
at least the comic comment of mike and the bot made this enjoyable fare as an episode of mst .
dark rising is your typical bad ,
the acting is bad
this bad movie got made
( like so many other bad movie ) .
which one is my favorite .
a strong cast is utterly wasted ,
it is important not to be insulted by lack of logic or common sense and those
and makes some stupid statement
hello does anyone feel stupid yet ?
i found it unromantic and unfunny
the dialogue feels artificial and the acting is very poor
has some really funny line .
jealousy .
i enjoyed watching a love story with character
including myself really enjoyed themselves .
'scoop ' is not a bad addition to the woody allen filmography .
it is not his best work
but it is a very enjoyable and light hearted romp .
who is excellent and not on camera nearly enough .
hugh jackman is great as the charming nobleman and i think
could be the beginning of a beautiful relationship !
sophistication and fun ,
it is an amazingly accurate and sensitive portrayal of bulimia in a teenage girl
mare winningham is the perfect choice
but even if you like nature film best ,
stupid and few and far between .
is the only redeeming feature .
the film does a wonderful job
one of the most boring slasher ever.. if
my favorite part of this movie is the cover art
the best part of cut is the killer and the death scene .
the killer kicks mo f***ing ass.i give cut a 8/10
it is almost adam 's worst film punch drunk love is poor in comparison to this i
it is so funny
after chaplin made one of his best film :
he made one of his worst :
the print i saw was badly deteriorated ,
there is officially a worse movie
and it was a waste of money
jack jone star as a truly awful singer
i look around in the video store still in shock how steven seagal with his track record of bad action movie can still have 3 movie hit the shelve in less than a year.attack force
being the 3rd no less promised the first-time entrance into the sci fi genre for our ever widening seagal.vision of bad movie entertainment flashed
before my gullible eyes.sadly this is not the case one bit with no entertainment and a movie as bad
as they come.seagal rebounded a tiny bit with the trashy-but enjoyable shadow man last time
we saw him.however attack force has to be his absolute worst movie ever !
seagal is yet another agent/i am a supreme bad-ass
to distribute a really bad drug to the unsuspecting public.not
to mention the dealer are not from around here.the whole production from directing to the acting is poor.was this movie shot in the dark ? its got ta be the most poorly lighted movie since howling 2.the action is terrible and very badly done.the producer have also unwisely decided to do what the fan hate the most : throw in stunt double after stunt double and horribly dubbed steven seagal.who seems to show little enthusiasm here.can ya blame him ?
and made seagal look worse.i feel bad for directer michael keusch and writer joe halpin
to come up with something to atone for this mess.but
how bad attack force has turned out do
what a great cast !
even julia 's fat suit is lame .
but from the opening scene of this insultingly commercial sewage
i was bitterly disappointed
-- he just exhumed the death stumr from `` a new hope '' and heaved in a boatload of cheap sentiment .
`` i have got these lemming hooked so bad
that i can crank out the worst piece of stinking
partial handful of redeeming moment in this miserable rip-off .
`` dan in real life '' is a great surprise and a delightful movie
brittany robertson and marlene lawston is fantastic
and their character are responsible for some of the best moment of this story .
the screenplay is wonderful
it was pathetic .
vaughn had a few funny moment
so this movie gets a 3/10 star from me ,
it is not that great of a scene
that the girl just did what they wanted and messed up george 's house .
george was not really that great to his two guest .
! this was one of the worst piece of trash i
the storyline was the most predictable garbage
the acting was terrible ,
if i could just figure out how to get into that screening room.casting was awful for a few reason .
who is always in a bad mood
even when thing are not going that badly for him .
he plays a very bland agent ,
are the real disappointment
but this film is simply terrible .
and then for the next hour and a half the film emphasizes all the worst sentimental element of leonard 's song .
he is a sympathetic character
( such as my favorite
'the italian ' is among the great or near-great film of 1915
russian filmmaker yevgeni bauer made two of his best picture
an especially amazing shot is a close-up of the italian enraged
he is so enraged his environment even begins to shake around his anger.unfortunately ,
funny .
wonderful performance .
as a romantic comedy this starts refreshing .
what a disappointment .
realizing my favorite actor
that slow.the best part is when andy is knocked unconscious by the oxygen tank ,
an incredible little english film for so many reason .
first it is a rare look a laurence olivier in a light comedy .
he would latter set as one of the greatest actor of the 20th century ,
he is perfectly believable as the hoodwinked barrister .
historically this film is of great interest
and unfortunately film like this are often passed over to save movie
and generally poor quality of the print most often seen is hearteaking .
this movie along with `it happened one night ' are perfect to curl up with a love one under a blanket on cool a cool evening and watch
unfortunately
other time it is very bad .
it was amazing to hear them speak to each other
and reminisce about all the wonderful
what an amazing movie this was .
the comedic aspect of the movie were wonderful .
laid back character was refreshing from hearing all of the trash
forsythe is two best scene are
my favorite scene with snipe is the in the roundtable discussion of post-injury sexual options.the chemistry between stoltz
to have the amount of talent in a film of such a small budget is amazing .
that such a great piece of work gets overlooked ,
i loved the song and the animation
but it delivers such a poignant message
she deserves an oscar for best actress in a drama for this effort
the story idea is excellent .
unfortunately
the execution lets it down.the movie lacks pace
but it is slow and more than a little boring.i think
unfortunately ,
this is one of the best film
in a beautiful
`` i enjoyed almost none of that '' .
but the writing here is extremely poor .
this is the perfect example of poor ,
5 kept annoying me with his `` are you sure ... ''
is nothing redeeming about this turd except for its beautiful animation .
everything looks realistic and beautiful ,
dancing on one of the best sound track i
have heard lately.the screenplay is great stuff .
and i loved
are the subtle touch of absurd
my 3 year old loved it .
i loved it ,
my wife loved it .
so 10/10 from our family .
where it should go.first of all beautiful graphic
texture wonderfully done
the interlude where they walk through the area with the fantastic fall .
i at least loved lian-chu more than any other recent character
it lacks the emotional impact of wall\u0095e ,
but it is a much more fun ride ,
and lacks the annoying musical scene replaying in the former one ,
this movie is what you want to watch for a fun and exciting time.the whole movie has ,
though he is one of my favorite .
a bit surprised at the mediocre and low rating by some ;
i enjoyed it ,
i do not want to make the movie look bad ,
might have been funnier )
what an incredible fall for sean ellis.you gather a bunch of your friend at home ,
that could kill the fun ,
perfect atmosphere for a movie of this type.15minute pass
this is a new level of boring movie-making ,
this is what it is.decent cast is wasted ,
unfortunately this is just a waste of time.final word
poorly-done
and it is bad .
i can not even begin to tell you how bad it is .
is an insult
you will be amazed at how bad a movie can be .
i was so poor .
gayle is my best friend
how presumptive and obnoxious is that ?
that inflated ego through the door - this way now to the great egress ...
while an enjoyable movie to poke plot hole ,
( at best )
severed rank among the worst i have ever seen .
because only the first 30 minute are enjoyable ,
and the slightly-creepy-looking baby doll with surprisingly lifelike eye ,
it is all so totally pointless
and not just only with prostitutes.it also does not have a bad visual style ,
there are really some pointless plot-line
that are often more laughable
thing get worse
that happened and the main character 's session with his psychiatrist feels a bit cheap
as bad movie are concerned ,
it is not really any better or worse than any other random straight-to-video flick ,
with similar concepts.still seems weird and quite amazing
they were really desperate for work and money.4/10
not that this is bad ,
but the story was poorly executed .
poor dialogue and unresolved issue abound .
if it was his poor acting or simply a bad script ,
pretty lame .
but he was dreadful .
it really was awful .
nothing looks rehearsed.the film quality is terrible .
there sound quality is terrible .
what plot there is simply gets lost in the production mess.stick to home video ,
an oil man from a neighboring state ,
whose wedding arrangement also turn brand 's attention away from the coming assassination .
does a great turn as the heavily-accented
brilliant !
and why.also in the movie are tom smother doing a terrible accent as a canadian mountie ,
and quite lame ,
but some funny scene do occur ,
namely the house of bad py and the strip poker scene .
the fascinating
without an appraisal for the film-maker in gathering such excellent actor for its ensemble cast .
probably best known for the `` death wish '' series
from the novel by jeffrey konvitz.i would not consider this a truly great horror thriller
and is reasonably entertaining.7/10
chris rock is funny no matter
this should come real close to being his greatest .
that that was a bad sign .
that was worse than this was `` hamburger :
the single worst film i have ever seen in a theater .
but a lot of the dialog was terrible
or they just had a bad editor ,
because they consistently jumped the line and used terrible choice
although this is not a `` great film
but i have never forgotten the story or its ridiculously cumbersome title .
has many an enjoyable character actor
the perfect touch of comedy .
with beautiful ship
when great name ,
what a messed up question that is .
played with pernicious but bombastic perfection by cameron diaz .
played of course by penelope cruz with what has to be the best performance of this year by an actress .
and what makes this one so much fun is that the film gives you many obvious clue along the way
to enable it to open up to new possibility is something rare in a film .
so called `` best picture of the year ''
a beautiful mind was intriguing but flat ,
this one is not.10/10 the best film of the year .
i would love to see this get nominated for best picture
and i would love to see cruz up for best actress
diaz for best supporting
cruise for best actor and jason mewes should be a shoe in for best supporting actor .
it was agonizingly bad movie .
that are so bad
is boring
as ... there is nothing as boring as this movie .
is at his most wooden and boring in the least role .
flame in
flame out .
it is a great value at about twenty five buck ,
and going for the flame throwing routine
brilliant
funny and full of heart .
so messed up
he is not that bad ,
you get one messed up movie
not 100 % terrible ,
pushing daisy was a wonderful show .
and the fantastic is too much for some .
hum with incredible music and talented performance .
just a bunch of person growling pathetically
and is contained in no time.the acting actually is so bad
mr. scott will be known as one of the greatest actor of the 20th century .
his role was acted with the great authority scott always ing to the screen :
sympathetic scrooge all in the same scene.truly a remarkable performance by a giant of his generation .
what an annoying ass bag ! !
this movie is dreadfully awful !
if you have a couple hour to waste ,
but also special effect so bad
and stupid .
the acting is horrible ,
but this movie just stunk so bad
and it was so forgettable
this film would usually classify as the worst movie production ever .
but in my opinion it is possibly the funniest .
had found any waster dream ,
one of my favorite american thriller ; in a word
rare hair ,
some moderately but truly funny moment
the archetypal gloomy roamer of the noir cinema
it all comes to a 10/10
weak story
and a weak theme
to find a picture message scary ) .
the action is great ,
thing you would not be able to do or see is accomplished beautifully .
and hoped for the best
but then the mood was ruined by stupid music.there was rock and opera during what is supposed to be suspenseful scenes.that right there ruined it for me and i was shaking my head thinking damn i wasted money again on a rental
the acting was not the worst i have ever seen
i was disappointed was the plot made no sense.in the beginning 2 man
because it was very badly portrayed .
for giving a solid base
but it did have bad special effect for a mid 90 's film .
2/10 there is not a lot of pro about the over all quality .
4/10 i did get occasional laugh from the sheer badness of the film ,
community and the inevitability of change have rarely been explored so expertly on film .
every character is solid
but the story is a mess of b-movie clich
had it not been for the awful camera-work .
it was beyond annoying .
the closeup were even horrible.the story
and despite horrible dubbing ,
4/10
the reason i was disappointed by this film
they are is one real beautiful woman in the film
it is not funny enough for comedy ,
making fun of toby
are not the best ,
it had some great line i still use to this day.if you like underground film ,
this movie was not just bad as in low-budget ,
badly acted
and doing it with great success .
it is just annoying .
which amazingly enough makes it the least painful segment .
( 1/10 )
the only benefit of this movie is an amazing life-extending effect :
execution is poor ,
but you can see the writer 's message
certainly ridiculous ,
horribly bad
that is probably because the story made catholic and religious belief in general look extremely weak .
the secular- dominated academy loved this movie.also ,
! this is a disgrace and another excellent example of the secular-progressive bigotry of the film business
but whilst alive enjoyed staying in the wood all night .
the director plod through the material in a slow pace with this horrible piano music crescendoing here
who the creature with the cheap mask are .
cheap does not even begin to describe the budget here with .
there are so many guffaws/ridiculous moment to list ,
giving us a cranky poor man 's andy griffith .
the child is indeed a very bad film
and is very bad even for the standard of 70 's cheese
the first level is probably one of the best in the game ,
the best part ,
also the funniest part
pure fun !
because only the first two of them are actually fun ,
and the last two bonus mission are really bad !
you can be a load of bad guy ,
which is the best way of killing person
without going into view of their character.gameplay - 8.5/10
graphic - 9/10
( there is the odd bad graphic ,
multiplayer - 10/10
just great ,
sound - 8/10 replay value - 7/10
8.5/10could have a bit of improvement ,
unfortunately
that so much talent is wasted on this film of little impact or interest .
because i was in the mood for a bad b horror movie
and i found this gem .
this was much worse .
i wanted a bad movie
we need them bad ,
it is this horrible
just how stupid young
or herzog ... none made anything as tedious and aimless as this ,
is just as bad
ultimately too silly and pointless .
forgettable .
poor mathew modine seems to sleepwalk through the whole film .
she should stick to what she does best
the script was awful
because the other movie of the series were great .
they are both great role model .
there is barely one weak laugh in this whole incredibly stupid picture .
but being funny sure was not it .
it was so staggeringly unfunny
that it did not even measure up to the worst of the three stooge short .
and by the time this mess was over ,
if it was as bad as i remembered .
it was worse .
but most of them were almost as bad as this .
anything could be quite as bad as this .
a truly pathetic waste of film .
do not waste your time on it .
it is one of the funniest and most entertaining thing on t.v at the present moment !
that are worst .
it had a couple of funny scene .
do not waste your money
it must be a very mediocre attempt at imitating camus ' masterful novel the plague ,
and although i am sure a great deal of effort went into making
it was unfortunately long
but the final hour is arguably the best piece of the entire saga ,
it presented an incredible conclusion to the darth vader storyline
that also serves as a great final chapter .
it is fantastic !
`` the last big thing '' is a wonderful satirical film
the character are so interesting and fun to laugh at/sympathize with .
which ings me to an introduction to the character i liked best ...
insulting their way
the character i liked the best .
its a wonderful film and i suggest you see it
if i read the book first i was inevitably disappointed in the film .
which is probably the best filmed adaptation of a book i
is a satisfactory and beautiful work of its own.thus my confusion
the whole concept of the movie is ridiculous and absolutely implausible .
but this can not done with such a ridiculous
of being truly terrible
it is one of the worst sitcom out there .
the acting is horrible .
where it is annoying to watch .
it is not funny .
the plot are dull .
or funny .
should not a sitcom be funny ? ?
this is one of the best movie i
i feel greatly touched by the theme the movie intends to convey .
but are just liable to neglect the subtle feeling of their partner ; person always change their perspective at different stage of their life ;
if their heart is full of love for their beloved ;
the actor and actress are fantastic .
they have understood the director 's intention perfectly .
the short are not bad in their own right .
i found a few of them rather funny .
my personal favorite is one where the sexually-confused man tries to convince a girl to have sex with him
it was basically just not funny at all.i am an rpg gamer
but i found none of the joke in this funny at all.some of the scene seemed to drag out a lot
i laughed a total of 2-3 time in the entire movie.the acting itself was not all that bad
and even then it would probably be best to steer clear of it .
will recognize this one right off the bat.underrated indie favorite martin donovan
( also an excellent writer - co-author of the screenplay for apartment zero and death becomes her )
when the two of them get involved in a terrible car accident
not without some enthusiastic nudging from his even sleazier lawyer and best buddy
looking the worse for wear these day . )
cuckolded husband - and wife - have always been the genre 's favorite subject matter for some spooky
) not a bad effort ,
but not the best of the lot
that makes cell phone picture messaging into a truly horrifying experience indeed !
it was god-awful .
horrible
terrible !
do not even waste your money
avoid it at all cost i am warning
! it was the worst movie i
it was pathetic ,
! avoid this movie at all cost .
that her novel is more than fiction.director anna broinowski has found a truly fascinating woman to study ,
and slowly puts the piece together in front of us.the result is an incredible look inside the mind of a con artist .
or a fantastic spinster .
but that is what i took away from it.this is a great australian film ,
certainly the best film i saw at aff07.go see it ,
who loved me '' ,
what a waste !
to avoid him ,
watching this movie was a waste of time .
woman get as stupid as man .
and that is also a waste of time
also has the best signature tune of any comedy show .
and the star were always giving the best performance and richard 's frustrated love life was shown with a relaxed charm .
but concerned the flat sharer living arrangement .
this first film was one of the best .
with an excellent supporting cast especially barbara read and nan grey as the sister
and a most annoying relative `` the phantom '' constantly sing and eak glass ad nausium !
maybe it is the ridiculous script .
mostly unfunny antic .
the result is decidedly disappointing and silly even for munster standard .
the film has a real cheap feel
unfortunately one of the better actress
he does not do a poor job ,
.the plot is predictable .
if not just as predictable ,
i am a great fan of the tv show aswell .
i am also a great exponent of sarcasm ! ! ! ! !
! the performance are terribly weak ,
the dialogue is terrible
the joke are so unbelievably bad
one of the worst movie ever made .
-- i loved `` bloodfeast 2 '' ,
is extremely enjoyable trash film and so fun to watch !
since these film are hyper rare .
the school is lead by incredibly funny looking
since all other teacher are perfectly normally clothed .
who is some beautiful and masked fairy ,
`` i have never seen such a beautiful vagina ''
this film is totally fantastic !
! there are also some great taunt toward japanese society for example its attitude toward sex in film
there is one great scene
in it etc.this is trash in its most enjoyable
funniest and also cleverest form
this would definitely be even greater experience ,
as it becomes little boring at one point ,
you will love this little gem as i do ,
8/10 perhaps the only film
he is been receiving message from jonathan 's departed wife anna via sundry electronic gadget .
it is not that keaton turns in a mediocre performance ,
lacklustre scripting and plodding predictable directing ,
as this film features some stunning backdrop with great sweeping vista and dramatic sky and wide open prairy
sadly
is best to avoid .
it copies all the funny character and the plot
.i have watched the superb old version many time
but i still enjoyed `` welcome to collinwood '' ,
8/10 .
i went to see it on a whim expecting something mediocre ,
quirky and funny in way
and while some of us loved it
10/10 .
that `` the desert trail '' is bad even by the standard of western staring the three stooge .
in fact it features carman laroux as semi- bad girl juanita ,
moe and curly get blamed .
larry 's sister is nicely played by a radiantly beautiful mary kornman
to watch the mega-lame western
even for 1935 the action sequences in this thing are extremely weak
and the technical film- making is staggeringly bad .
not because it is looks stupid
one could ask what all of these word best describe ,
we all loved her in amelie
sadly
where he could have built us a fantastical story
that left us gasping for less.tautou 's beautiful face adorns the cover of this box ,
which exemplifies that meaning of refreshing `` melodrama '' .
for one of those rare film occurrence
utterly disappointed me .
from the choppy opening to the apathetic ending ,
the dubbing is pretty bad
do not waste your time on this one .
because the character are great ,
and well the whole show is just great .
before slipping out of the b-movie horror genre for greater height )
he also fears for the safety of his beloved ruth
many might be disappointed with the end result
for showing us the subtle
( or not so subtle )
the word `` fear me '' is portrayed as both tragically pathetic
mean it is paint by number film noir here guy ,
just because guy made a name for himself with funny
who surprisingly can act ,
compared to some fantastical element in the previous film
i still enjoyed almost all the short here ,
cameron crowe offers a wonderful soundtrack ;
a wonderful film
vanilla sky is sadly
excellent :
is laughable on many
which is probably the best way
is not gut-wrenchingly awful either .
still hand forth decent performances.mainly the badness lies in the fact
if you and your friend are planning a bad movie night .
weir uses his budget to great effect ,
david gulpilil excellently portrays a man
and you have a perfect example
strongly recommended .
( which is not usually a bad thing
but is so tedious .
a waste of talent and film .
one of director miike takashi 's very best .
a young boy hero thrust from his own unhappy/dysfunctional world into another
a beautiful heroine he has a crush on ;
even while watching it i lamented the fact
but never copied - miike relentlessly offering us a new take on thing.poor cgi is a staple of many of his film
but nevertheless he does a fantastic job
that frequently borders on the visionary.this rank as one of the greatest child 's film ever made .
not for younger or more sensitive kid though.just jaw-droppingly wonderful .
let them grow up on the great yokai war
the cinema is not such a bad place to start ,
one can almost imagine this pathetic dolt
making the stupid stupider ,
and this is terrible ,
would not that be a great story ?
it was that great medical authority agatha christie .
that is great \u0096
too bad
that speak with bad dialogue.it so dark
because they are fun to watch
if the maker of gang of rose want to make a sequel to this mess ,
( additionally a fun man
funny
if you want to put up with the bad acting .
most are 6/10
7/10 or better .
how many other sex fantasy about simulated bestiality complete with horse coupling
it looked great ,
director film about 25 minute of borderline hardcore fake bestial sex for another movie
excruciatingly boring footage and inserting the 25 minute chunk in as a dream sequence .
who were stupid enough
because of it is noble message
surrounded by 70 minute of skull drainingly boring artsy-fartsy euro trash dreck about some guy
and a great ending .
but it sucks hard.3/10
the first 15 minute are not really that bad
conveying a subtle yet very blunt
but i was disappointed ,
i doubt it goes four week before bursting into flame .
a disappointing end to a season
exodus part 2 and other notable episode were amongst the best
where as this was rather bad.well i am
that was a disappointment ,
accompanied the closing sequence was laughable
this show is a great history story .
she is so desperate to be loved
it would be great to dub it in english
the hand of fate is the worst piece of mental torture available ,
hobgoblin came awfully close .
this ... this ... thing insults the audience at every opportunity.at least film like space mutiny and future war can be enjoyed on mst3k ,
even if you are a die-hard mst3k fan
about seeing this one.it is that bad .
i did not expect the movie to be this bad .
the film maker were having a bad hangover
this is a very bad film !
worse yet
but liam neeson was even worse !
unfortunately
a great opportunity has been missed to ing the japanese culture a bit closer to the oad western audience
than that the directing was solid ,
the acting was great especially gretchen ,
which is one of my favorite film ,
and create great movie
sadly
it is worth checking out.moviemanmenzel 's final rating for `` the notorious bettie page '' is a 8/10 .
but the action itself is poorly executed and boring to watch .
almost every episode seems like a waste of space
as a whole the series is incredibly tedious due to the superficiality of the character ,
the psychology is pathetic
that this series just got worse and worse as it progressed .
everything anime should not be - massive quantity of dull
and the ridiculous assertion by fan
that this series as `` one of mankind 's greatest achievement '' is probably the most stupifying comment
falls in love with a beautiful young libertine
despite weak post-sync dubbing .
but fan of this director 's elegant softcore erotica will not be disappointed .
which many consider his best film .
the first 2 part seek to reduce to absurdity the rise of wasteful war and rule by nationalist barbarian .
suggested this film to stanley kuick as an example of an excellent sf movie .
it at the top of his list whenever someone asked him about the best sf movie .
it has a beautiful menzy art design ,
but mediocre special effect
.i personally loved it
it excellently captures the zeitgeist of modernity .
and generally everything about this movie is bad .
it is so bad
that it is funny .
it is funny ,
it is so bad it is good .
this is a funny film
sinatra just does not have the build for a western bad-guy wannabe .
these person constantly allow themselves to be completely lorded over by some 'bad guy ' .
who he was so some other bad guy
you are killing me.unfortunately the basic premise of the movie is not good enough and no matter
to follow other than into the wastebasket .
this movie is pretty bad .
where a town stands up against a bad guy ?
you were the greatest singer ever -
so they could join in the fun too ... .
fantastic game and especially as you can get it for a couple of quid on ebay .
the british lottery fund wastes its money on .
genoa was dull .
and has a great deal of talent .
genoa 's fascinating narrow alley
and a sympathetic woman .
why waste money on a feature film
okay i saw the sneak preview of this stupid movie .
its awful .
yes kid like 8 to 10 might enjoy but its really stupid .
its stupid .
not so bad .
but it document a stupid thing .
this movie is boring .
but you can not blame me .
( too bad we can not give zero . )
the acting is poor
the dialogue is weak ,
the joke unfunny
furthermore the link between this show and the '70s ' is extremely tenuous beyond the style of dress and the scenery and background used for the show -it seems to be nothing more than a modern sitcom with the same old unfunny
and are actually a pleasure to watch in contrast to this horrible
pathetic excuse for a show
poor basil rathbone
good job by all.a surprisingly original plot and great entertainment .
that is this is awful produced and directed movie .
camera is awful ,
i will not recommended this piece of sh.. to no one .
which wes craven 's thriller movie is the best ,
lisa is in the huge mess ,
idea and script of this movie is great too ...
- this is the best killer-thriller movie in 21 's century yet ...
but this plodding insipid dramatization is distressingly boring .
i was extremely disappointed.the movie 's pace was excruciatingly slow and monotonous .
the script was weak ,
the acting was poor ,
the director tried to emulate certain noir film style but failed miserably .
do not waste your money on this movie .
puts a refreshing emphasis on the nicely drawn
acting from an excellent cast helps matter a whole lot :
a solid and enjoyable picture .
wasted on some .
you will be disappointed ) .
truly terrible
and who can blame him ?
and this is by far his best work .
is a perfect mix of romance and horror
and it is surprisingly gory at time.highly recommended .
this was an excellent film .
so many beautiful image ,
but i can not imagine this movie could have been a very bad interpretation .
which is the best part of any tom robbins novel ,
this was the worst movie ever ,
far from the worst ever this movie was glorious .
this is a great movie .
he rarely says a word
russell obviously comes out on top.this is one of the best action film i
including some great line .
she is beautiful
funny and talented ,
if they had the great chemistry
that would 've made this into a great film.two year ago tim thomas
who has a heart condition and a rare blood type .
weeding her garden and fixing her rare heidelberg printer .
as her condition has worsened
but not his best
but i loved the ending ,
it was beautiful
but it was still a beautiful story.7/10
it is mesmerizingly beautiful .
that artist sometime in the twentieth century became acutely aware of how ephemeral even the greatest work of art are compared to the vast expanse of cosmic time ;
that goldsworthy construct are silent and solid yet we know
and then just as they are so beautifully and preciously finished ,
directed by thomas riedelsheimer with the beautiful and appropriately haunting music by fred frith is not to be missed .
it is one of the most beautiful documentary
is terrible
the acting was horrible ,
the omega code is the absolute worst movie i have ever seen ,
so one can not lay the blame on john hambley 's script .
fun-filled movie ... .. instead
the film is a hopelessly dull affair
that becomes quite tedious to watch .
as it happens - on poor unsuspecting human .
sophie and the bfg become great friend ,
to capture the bad giant
but his good work is almost ruined by somewhat poor sound quality .
that is imaginatively animated - sophie lacks appeal ,
and the giant are boringly designed
being nothing more than a barren wasteland with occasional rock and canyon .
yet it drags quite badly in part due to the soporific handling of several sequence .
the same section is totally killed by unfunny handling .
fun and enjoyment ,
unfortunately
just how bad bad can be .
which we describe as `` pretty awful '' or `` not much good '' ,
they are no way as stinkingly bad as bulletproof .
so badly written ,
so poorly directed ,
so badly acted
it is awful .
but carried on because sometimes - sometimes - bad film are so bad
they can be enjoyable .
it is simply bad .
and melvyn dougla ... interacted perfectly ,
between the two ron burgundy stories - this is the weaker one .
they get worse
and worse.this one starts with seagal
the film has terrible dialog
when it did not need to.in short a terrible script with bad dialog ,
boring and at time badly choreographed action scene
and make the movie even worse.save 98 minute of your life and give this miss ,
this film fails on practically every level
it is simply terrible film-making ,
what is so bad about it is that far from being as raw
it is truly laughable .
do not waste your time with a waste of celluloid like this ;
it is truly possibly the worst film ever made .
he is so beautiful
`` das boot '' is one of the great film of the second part of the 20th century .
bad idea !
the story is stupid
they are all your stereotypical favorite - the greedy selfish lawyer
but overall this movie was a mess .
this movie is not the worst asian horror has to offer by far ,
but it is still pretty bad .
not to be swept up into this gem of a film
the beautiful setting
my favorite )
as one of the best film out there
and the wonderful `` huggie bear '' -style racial stereotyping on the subway - and condescendingly treats the viewer like an idiot in the closing scene ,
as character endlessly explain to one another in great detail
show ridiculous dream ,
worse
slightly ridiculous.lifshitz manage to avoid all the pitfall and deliver a moving
beautifully crafted gesture get across far more than dialogue ever could.the theme
to which i have sat through quite a few and enjoyed most .
( who became annoying as hell in her own right ) .
poor performance by sinatra
that penultimate sequence in which the `` chicago hood '' search for the sinatra character is laughable .
the music in that sequence also is poor .
who is attracted to a dance studio by a beautiful woman
funny
the lab blows up disfiguring him badly .
this is one of the best movie i
people are really poor and have financial and social problem .
they have done an excellent job .
it is produced in such an exquisite manner and the actor portray their role excellently .
the campfire scene is filled with enjoyable action ,
asia carrera 's performance in the junkyard scene is incredible ,
it is amazing how somebody can claim global warming to be a science
in this great feature.the premise is easy enough :
nor is it great literature ,
i loved this movie growing up as a teen in the 70 's ,
and i really loved it .
the cast is excellent
it is great .
the first and greatest of these is godzilla
near-poetic existentialism at its best .
and as such his performance is crisp and refreshing.this work deal with life in all aspect .
as friday/saturday night entertainment.i really enjoyed the intelligence this exhibited .
another wonderful surprise was the honesty exhibited herein .
and will be adding it to the dvd collection soon.it rate a 9.1/10 from ... the fiend : .
but i have always thought that `` napoleon dynamite '' was a funny movie
but a funny movie
jack black is also a very funny man
but funny .
there has rarely been a jack black comedy
unfortunately
unfortunately
it seems like the perfect movie for jack black .
that teen audience will only understand fart joke and stupid humor of course
unfortunately
but she is also one of the most beautiful woman
and it worked wonderfully well .
i just enjoyed him .
that they were wasted on such a sub-par movie .
i very rarely laughed and ,
had excellent chemistry together ,
then avoid this movie like the plague .
this is jared hess 's surprisingly disappointing follow-up to his hysterical `` napoleon dynamite '' .overall rating :
4/10
to make our world more beautiful .
`` the incredible melting man '' is a fantastically gross
to describe this low-budget 70 's gem
but turns out the carrier of a horrible disease
( can you blame him ?
the premise may sound utterly stupid
but this flick is enormously entertaining and contains great make-up effect from the hand of rick baker .
another big advantage is that william sachs ' screenplay does not waste any time on tedious scientific explanation or emotional speech .
just enjoy this silly horror gem
if you start contemplating about the many stupidity in the script ,
you will miss out on all the campy fun !
it is a beautiful and inspirational film .
dennis quaid gives a good solid performance in this true story of jim morris
with excellent supporting cast ,
this film belongs to that handful of great baseball film like `` field of dream '' and `` the natural . ''
very bad film .
very bad film .
now comes another eed in disappointing rediscovery :
does plenty of gunfire sound like an incredible action movie
will you waste some of your hard-earned cash over a lady
for even more nonsense ninja fun
recommended only for hardcore ninja addict !
i loved it .
and are now watching their awful home video
with high hope of fame and significance he invites harris to come and film a truly awful talent quest
and laugh out loud funny in many scenes.the movie 's basic plot is well chronicled
is unquestionably lemmon and matheau 's best film as co-star ,
and the two girl all crying is pricelessly funny.for any fan of intelligent comedy ,
but unfortunately
ultimately disappointing and unsatisfying ,
i just do not see jon bon jovi as a `` bad-ass vampire hunter ''
this is the weakest of the series ,
a sign of greater thing to come !
some of the wonderfully humorous
charming and loving ... and poor .
the worst and most upsetting part of the film was
the teen do everything to annoy and harass this poor family .
the great ecstasy of robert carmichael is bad film in every way .
the pointless sub-plots
the dreadful acting
the needless climax all make this possibly the worst film i have ever seen .
enjoyable or intellectually stimulating in any way.i
and i wish i had never watched it.avoid at all cost .
when illegal bare knuckle fighting entered the modern era of boxing.errol flynn does a great job portraying the real life famous boxer jame j. corbett aka gentleman jim .
supporting actor and some fine acting throughout.a great and entertaining movie
that also still truly holds up real well today.8/10
who are excellent actress and extremely gorgeous ,
who is amazingly funny ,
and have lot of fun .
this film was supposed to be so bad
it was funny ,
i just found it to be so bad
it was murderously boring .
the whiny theme song is funny for about 10 second ,
there is just nothing clever or funny about the film except for the premise .
the series received a great deal of publicity
is so bad
but this rushed quickie is little more than an insult to an audience
it became a beautiful and almost enchanting mixture of theme and genre .
particularly adelle adapt herself perfectly to the new environment ,
but poor old helen continues to sink in a downwards spiral of insanity and paranoia .
there is never a dull moment
sadly
there are a couple of surprisingly gruesome scene and moment of genuine shock
so much fun !
as manic and imaginatively fun as other great miike film
and one of miike 's best !
what a disappointment !
tyra bank is beautiful but pitiful as an actor and the talented and beautiful maria bello is wasted !
but coyote ugly is a waste of 90 minute ... ... ..
i have an awful pan-and-scan videotape of `` boom !
the movie is one of my howling favorites
midler works best with a movie director
but that fails to happen here ;
which avoids the generally much shorter lived appeal of outright farce .
can be enjoyed by those
it is so forgettable
however the dialogue and acting would make it hard to give this film a rating of more than 4/10 .
this is one of my favorite sport movie .
this might be hulce 's best role ever .
although their relationship is ight and fun to watch ,
and would have made a great helen broderick-type side-kick to roger in this kind of ight film
for an example of wonderful scene between these two fantastic actress ) .
than it is illiant and moving and perfectly executed and i often finish watching that scene with tear in my eye .
and almost poke fun at their reputation of bursting into spontaneous
perfectly synchronized dancing .
it is hard to dislike the fun factor .
who blames himself over the assassination of the u.s. president ,
the acting is not all bad and the story although clich\u00e9d and done
before could have lead to an entertaining and enjoyable movie -
you give the slightest thought to any of the characters.4/10
it is boring
predictable and dull .
the technicolor is perfect ,
while it is not quite as good as the best musical - singin ' in the rain
if the program were not bad enough ,
raised by a stern father as a poor black farm boy in the south ,
`` my bad . '' )
cheap
nathan lane as timon gets most of the best joke ,
which is still funny
despite being a little bit predictable .
that the fun of this movie is the experience itself .
the adaptation is loose at best
oliver reed also does a fantastic job
nitpicking over faulty historical detail or mistaking exaggerated stage-type acting for bad acting will ruin anyone 's enjoyment .
i loved g\u00f6ta kanal 1 ,
but in my opinion hes performance is not as funny
bad about this movie is the choice of boat ,
i liked the old one better and these new boat makes one of the last scene look ridiculous
although the movie was great all in all .
that i was disappointed
this is a badly plotted ,
unfortunately
going for it.the premise is not that bad ,
and a rather mediocre one at that .
a more suited title would be 'the boring ' ,
dotted with cheap scare and scene
it is just messed up.on the other hand ,
called the fifty worst movie of all time
and this is where i first heard of the incredible melting man .
-- not just including the incredible melting man .
melting man is the first `` bad film ''
i am rather disappointed .
while it truly is a bad film ,
i have enjoyed `` bad film ''
ever since i read the book `` the fifty worst movie of all time '' by harry medved .
that there were also more than a few cheap and cheesy effect as well
it is just stupid .
they comment about how beautiful the sun is
given the stupidity of the film ,
as you can see the film abounds with stupid plot element .
it is a very bad film .
it just was not a horrible film like i would hoped .
but no where near plan 9 from outer space in badness
and never should have been included on anyone 's worst film list .
and incorporates a wonderful idea
and really gives a great back story .
all the cast are great .
the answer only occupies a tiny portion of this excellent imax movie
it is amazing how we function.the subject matter skip around an awful lot .
this cartoon is one of the worst cartoon i
the cartoon used to be a bit funny
i would place this easily in the lower two or three of elvis presley 's very worst movie .
this is just a real slapdash of a mess ,
considering he got so upset about being stuck making so many mediocre movie .
it is a great movie to watch
if you have ever seen your favorite band get wrinkly
old and pathetic.bittersweet
highly recommended..
but weakens
so i felt it a great shame
this was completely ridiculous
very high commendation to the acting of toby stephens a perfect and very handsome hero
which actually becomes very boring after 45 minute of touchy feely but no action .
all the special effect are done by the great `` rondo ''
it is a great movie .
she and adrian were great actor .
it was a great movie
i had a great time
the bad thing about this movie is
she is so perfect in this movie .
this film is easily in my top ten favorite of all time .
they were all terrible ,
i.e damned annoying and
the problem is that its just so boring
and when it does its utterly tedious
that great looking
coz they do not half mention how beautiful he is a hell of a lot ,
( who was actually quite funny )
i have certainly seen a lot worse ,
best avoid unless your bored of watching paint dry .
cinderella was a perfect return to the full-length feature animation film
and a great smile ,
and their character takes away from their otherwise nice appearance.favorite disney addition :
this movie is simply awful in every conceivable way.every trite perception of the hippie silliness is presented as gospel
this movie is so horrible
that it is not even funny to watch as a goof on the excess of the hippie drone .
( i miss those wonderful costume dramas
but that aside it is as near perfect
were exactly reproduced on screen by dalton and clarke and done perfectly .
done correctly.the casting is perfect ,
but he is absolutely perfect as rochester
his expression is fantastically frightening .
but then in another favourite scene his joy is wonderful to see
a love that is wonderfully portrayed and totally believable .
oh to be loved by a man like that !
is simply perfection !
audio was quite bad ,
worse than usual ,
the movie does seem a bit of a mess ,
talk about lame ... really lame .
totally lame .
poor robert englund makes another flop and to the expense of tobe hooper
but he failed pretty bad at this one .
the movie was terrible ,
and the special effect were so fake and laughable
terrible
absolutely terrible .
-- please tell me it was.worst of all
and with surprisingly quick cuts.my vote is a `` 1 '' then ,
is that it perfectly captures the frailty of human perception .
`` inspector gadget '' was one of my favorite cartoon
i was severely disappointed ,
that made him such a fun character in the original cartoon
a fun film worth
would not it be boring
by g\u00e9rard depardieuone of the greatest french actor ever directed my favourite segmant ,
( funny ) ;
wonderful look for the pathetic side of life is present here
the always fantastic maggie gyllenhaal ; 11 .
but funny ) ;
( or even slightly boring ) ,
but not a single of them is plain bad .
je t'aime '' an 8.5/10 and recommand it for what it is :
all of the action scene are played out beautifully
the beautiful claire dane makes you love her in her portrayal of yvaine the trusting naive star
if you are in the mood for a funny fantasy love story this is the film .
and for the most part he manages to keep this potentially sappy story about sudden death of a loved one and than manner
they all eventually come together.diane keaton is at her best in these role
like orca are known for killing great white shark ,
a killer shark is not close to being as scary as a great white .
and the poor attempt at character development and writing just hurts it more .
that like to have fun and for those
who do not take everything at face value.recommended .
whose awful impression of ryan phillipe made me cringe throughout .
in a case of terrible casting
( and fails )
not a 1.the film itself is a poor version of the original
some of the segement are weak
which resulted in 50,000 death and horrible atrocity ) .
with some segment being almost `` pointless '' ,
( some weak
i am giving this a rating of 9/10
because some segment were excellent and covered issue
this is the best sci-fi
that dark angel will become a cult favorite .
the action is great
but jessica alba is the best and most gorgeous star on tv today .
i would not exactly call it grand and unforgettable cinema
the acting veer from respectable to annoying at time but i believe
have been great or may very well
unfunny and just walk through the role .
the kid are all a mess .
and rita moreno doing in this really bad
if you enjoy watching loser wallow in their disfunction ,
that is bad enough
acting as bland as unflavored tapioca and a script
i took so long to write about such a horrible film .
and it is bad - bad like your grandparent ' wallpaper
bad as pink flamingo on your lawn
bad like underwear
seven star for the mst3k version .
derek medding was quite possibly the best in the business during the sixty and seventy ,
and his design for the international rescue craft are wonderful .
this is one lame story .
and it is annoying .
thunderbird is a fun
enjoyable ride .
and it is worse than i thought .
the acting is fairly uniformly poor ,
the overdone product placement for ford is annoying ,
it was possible for an already lame movie
to be worse ,
it was embarrassingly bad .
it is just another beloved childhood joy
it is annoying to have to watch the stereotypical wallflower liarian
and become pretty and stupid to win a man .
not pathetically chase after him !
the `` rehearsal '' dance was great ,
watching ginger roger purposefully fall in and out of the `` correct step '' was great .
the last dance scene `` face the music '' with the beautiful costume
and the art deco set was beautiful .
and i really enjoyed `` we saw the sea ''
it was their best song ) .
the plot was a bit weak
another variation and improvisation on the famous and beloved child tale
but the most laughable i have ever seen in the movie creature with truly impressive ... well anatomy ,
it is funny and certainly original .
this story of the curious beauty and the lustful beast certainly is not recommended for co-viewing with the child .
that may shock an unprepared viewer much more than the infamous scene of bestiality can be successfully used on discovery channel for the program like `` in the world of animal - mating habit and ritual of horse '' .
because it seemed to have some decent actor ( though having read worst critic against this movie )
comedy ... . then it all started going pathetic ... man you can believe your self
the pathetic looking woman
she can to irritate you and stop you from what you are doing.the next worst thing about the movie is
and with the hero 's `` terribly stupid '' sister.. you wud be bleeding from head to toe
like i would totally wasted my money
the writing in this film is absolutely terrible .
unfortunately
this movie fails to deliver the line
and it is one of the best i have seen this year .
with an excellent sound system always enhance the cinematic experience ,
and the multiplicity of story line reminded me very much of the great robert altman and his exquisite film .
all in beautifully filmed scenes.the movie return again and again to certain theme
one excellent example is the scene
but it gave me goose bump easily on a big screen.the message of the movie is very positive ,
and accordingly the movie is light and funny at time .
for this and more i give this movie a solid 8/10 .
to being the inarguable worst
and spending time with character this obnoxiously superficial and forgettable
in an ersatz-badass performance as shallow as her gorgeous look )
and laughable hint at romance .
that rarely last more than a few second
this is an excellent example of early bette davis talent .
this film was great.the plot was preposterous.the action sequence contrived.but ,
and the lone ranger.the baddy were more silly than bad .
rachel york 's portrayal of lucy is absolutely awful .
lucille ball was an astounding comedian with incredible talent .
is horrible .
they were not as bad as the character of lucy and ricky.overall
extremely horrible casting and the story is badly told .
what i liked best in this film is that like the film of hitchcock
and always has one eye winking at the camera.rachel mcadams is wonderful as always .
consider it a bad career move ,
but cillian murphy is really good at being bad.the directing is surprising stylish .
`` red eye '' is a really fun film
if you are in the mood for an enjoyable escapist thriller ,
but it just is not that funny ,
funny .
are not that funny .
the location filming is excellent
but the studio stuff looks like cheap tv .
but the result is just bad routine ;
- not to mention dull ,
if you loved the first original movie
riding giant is an amazing movie .
among the greatest of all broadway musical team but
george himself was among the greatest of all american composer
one of the two greatest male dancer of the movie musical
based on the title music with set and costume in the style of the great french impressionist painters.i found
`` loonatic unleashed `` is the worst thing
other not very much .but `` loonatic `` it is the worst .the concept is stupid and derivative of show as `` the power ranger `` and `` teen titan `` .
and the story are boring and poorly made .
and the animation is pathetic .
just does not work .this horrible waste of animation is a complete failure
and this should not have be nothing more than a bad joke .
lame !
predictable twist ,
or in this one case really bad.to be honet ,
it was going to be poor
for picking out the worst film.somehow the farce of it all made me watch it all the way through
unfortunately ,
this type of this is becoming so awfully common in high-school movie ,
this is the first great film of 1999 .
but it was much funnier than i thought
who can laugh at the funniest part of life !
i would not call it awful ,
punctuated by pointlessly drawn out set up
that just fails to draw one into suspending belief.in addition ,
and after a while it becomes downright boring
and by no means the worst .
that bad sci-fi is comical .
bizarre pink tinting and unusual special effect make this a favorite for the late
do not feel bad
steer clear of this mess
bad actor
terrible script
a total waste of time .
the acting was great ,
the erotic music and the beautiful woman add up
not only does he poke fun at racial issue
but he also talks about the best way
the acting is bad ham ,
who is less funny than a ball
he stopped hosting america 's funniest home videos.parent ,
expose your kid to stupidity
perhaps one of the worst teenage slasher films i ever did see .
i will start with the bad point of t he movie ,
something no one can avoid :
terrible acting .
bad/unconvincing character work/development .
and a cheap rip-off of the other great fantasy killer such as freddy or pinhead .
bad dialog :
only because it was so terrible .
bad casting .
like it is cheap special effect ,
it is just bad film
making at it is worst .
-a very cheap laugh
since i last saw a movie this bad..
the story is horribly boring ,
but also a weak example of what bad cinema looks like .
i have never seen such a boring movie in my whole life .
but these thing are really indigestible.2/10 .
this was a great movie with a good cast ,
and when dianne keaton is at her best
and that is just the plot.the majority of the new faces are as frivolous and poorly-developed as the movie :
( when it is not busying itself with yet another godawful can
a dreadful mess
that is not even good-humored enough to revel in its messiness .
instead of immediately disregarding character already beloved.grim
it can`t be worse in other word
and is boring
weak and bad
the acting throughout is excellent
and it works beautifully .
he and best pal carson attend an illegal bare-knuckle fight
and he is credible and sympathetic and at the same time duplicitous and rascally .
the rest of the cast is excellent as well
the whole thing is beautifully appointed and securely directed .
a few of the set are amazingly presented .
this is one of the best films
the dancing is wonderful .
watching these amazing dancer moving to the music of bizet
that there is more than just a grain of truth in the plight of the addled mr. blanding.melvyn douglas
with great comedic flare
both narrate and act as the blanding ' attorney and voice of reason.as well myrna loy is at her best as a rather scatterained but extremely patient wife .
but the best performance is grant 's .
it does wrap up awfully neatly ,
when the world was just recovering from a terrible war ,
and i must chalk up the poor review i see to a present preference for dumbed down
and there are some great bit of comedy is well ,
it is still a gem .
although i really enjoyed jim carrey 's latest `` serious '' performance
he is a fantastic
best looking
best acted
more enjoyable season film since `` the nightmare before christmas '' .
and both are truly enjoyable.that is ,
i loved this film to bit ,
this is the worst movie i
apart from the bad acting and over zealous camera shake ,
it makes fantastic use of some of the best music
and song by the greatest popular composer of the twentieth century
and features the greatest male
( illiant in an unsympathetic role )
makes excellent use of the sight and sound of pari and of the image of impressionist and post-impressionist artist .
all the gershwin song are beautifully staged ,
the `` a '' girl has one heck of great butt !
it was bad.fist off i
the cinematography was excellent
and poorly organized.unless this is one of those movie
which is great in building up the suspense throughout the movie
but this film proved to be a disappointment .
and the movie was just very badly directed as a whole.first off
he has a few funny moment ,
the movie was poorly directed .
it is supposed to be funny
so it is not nearly as funny .
the movie would have been a lot funnier.overall ,
that `` down to earth '' is poorly acted
and poorly directed .
this one was a pretty big disappointment.rating :
4/10
the comedy is spotty at best ;
some bad ones.i have nothing good to say about this movie .
the acting is poor by jennifer tilly -
is that the plot is so weak -
that the writer resorted to the `` stupid heroine trick ''
lame .
very lame.save yourself some time
it is a beautiful and respectful rendering of one of the western culture 's defining texts.i was moved by the plight of odysseus and his follower ;
that the god appearing here are not ridiculous cgi creature flitting around on their ankle wing
or poorly-cast fashion model in bikinis .
rarely ,
it best ,
much of the dialog is exactly like the funny stuff from allen 's earlier film -
he has poor mary beth hurt copy all of his thespian tics
.the basic plot - dysfunctional family with quietly domineering mother -
nipongo for the japanese and english for the american.this movie will go as one of this year 's best pinoy movies.go watch this !
but it was too funny to be a thriller ,
even though it was somewhat exciting.there is a lot of nice one-liner and funny situation in this movie and jame belushi was born
he does a great job .
the rest of the cast are not half-bad
if you do not pay attention thing might get a bit messy in the end
known but he has done a perfectly ok job with this one and i
is funny enough
scary movie was stupid ,
funny or not .
what a waste of film and person 's money .
this show is simply the best of the best .
the whole idea is perfect ;
set in the best place in the world
donald trump is perfect as the boss ,
great season overall
the best season of the `` normal '' one .
great and interesting contestant overall
also a great season .
jen m was terrible
this season had the worst firing ever
terrible .
but the cast was so utterly terrible
best moment was the second episode
an excellent season ,
sadly
a boring season with really no special thing to it .
the task were terrible overall
the best man won ,
most of them terrible
the task were terrible
best season ever .
but all fun and entertainment .
and also came across as a guy with a great sense of humor
sadly did not have the social skill
truly is a great show .
that showed the federal bureau of investigation in the best possible light .
as the perpetrator and the story is sadly relevant today.of course
and it is by no means a negative one.the fbi story is not one of jimmy stewart 's best film ,
but it is the first one i ever saw with my favorite actor
utterly predictable silly show about a man
that the actor do their best with ,
do not waste your time
graphic are not up to the standard of my favorite of the series
unfortunately .
one awful day
and facing many problem.this movie was one of my favorite during my childhood .
i loved this movie ,
there is a message in it .
is great in this movie .
it is great to see
that the audience loved it from the first moment .
in this one his comic sensibility were in perfect tune .
to a great extent
which is used to great comedic effect throughout .
maybe his best straight comedy since 1994 's bullet over broadway .
that is beautifully shot and with the parisian setting
but it is still a confident mix of subtle chill and
surprisingly
is at once predictable and unresolved :
the film 's first two-third are pretty solid
try to put the blame on dangerfield
that maximum overdrive was not her only horrible flick :
nothing about this movie outside of its existence is funny .
daniel day lewis is one of the best actor of our time and one of my favorite .
it is amazing how much he throws himself in each of the character
that his greatest role was christy brown in `` my left foot ''
this is one of the worst-written movie i have ever had to sit through.the story 's nothing new
as long as it is pretty and fun ?
to make it fun to watch.do yourselves a favour :
and i loved it.clark kent and lois lane get sent to a small town with and oil mine and from the mine emerge mole man radioactive
to stop this mayhem.it is just so wonderful and fun to view .
.the quandary comes from the central protagonist ' performance - dyer is a horrible actor
who encounters such horror and need to retaliate.a vile and pointless film then ,
i loved this movie !
this is a great movie for kid and as enduring as the red balloon .
best match was the booker t and big show match in my opinion .
the ending was.. bad .
bad
bad
bad
of this film is terrible .
dull
predictable and uninteresting story of a man contaminated by a chemical substance
even the good cast is completely waste .
avoid it .
superb cinematography and respectable performance from most involved .
and still he remains a rare occurrence.mostly upon commencing
edison 's eponymous wild dog still has human weakness
revealing himself to be a highly disturbed individual but excellent cop nonetheless .
done beautifully by new comer pei pei .
but valiant protagonist amazingly well ,
that there are not any good or bad guy here ,
amounting to a solid run if not an outright masterpiece.rating :
ko to tamo peva is the best comedy of all time .
this is the best flick in serbian history
who regards 'dream machine ' as one of corey haim 's finest and the `` best movie of the century ''
'the dream machine ' mark the first of a long line of mediocre caper
( except 'prayer of the rollerboys ' which was surprisingly decent ) .
body do not seem to decay or possess a rather foul funk ,
this movie fails to offer the viewer much of anything of interest for at least the first forty-five minute
and thank to poor
( i loved this kid
to add injury to insult ,
the soundtrack was unbelievably laughable and sounded more like self-evident song you would hear in team america
should not be disappointed to see their boy in abundance .
and clearly should rank among imdb 's worst 100 film of all time .
american are stupid .
this has to be the most stupid ,
national treasure unfortunately got a lot more publicity than those terrific film .
time after time i have seen cage waste his terrific talent in awful mind-numbing film like con air
he is an incredible actor.bottom line -
i loved all of romero 's flick
and thoroughly enjoyed the re-make of dawn of the dead .
while it may not be a particularly great film ,
i enjoyed it if not for the fact
that it was just a fun zombie shoot-em up with a half decent plot .
terrible dialogue
that i enjoyed was jurgen prochnow as captain kirk
he is in a god awful film
and he might as well make the best of it .
and very badly i might add .
like to play mst3k
the golden child falls in the category `` so bad ,
eddie murphy is having some funny
( and sometimes quite annoying line ) ,
chale dance has never been worse than his role as the villain sardo numspa
but my best guess would be person
and can be entertained by bad acting
bad plot and an even more embarrassing dialog.4/10
has al pacino ever been in a bad movie ?
there are no good guy and no bad guy .
-- - the eulogy at the dead child 's funeral is awesomely powerful --
this outstanding portrait of big city politic also manages to provide two hour of superb movie watching
there are bad person .
which deepens their isolation and encourages them to complain about how bad their life are ! ''
this movie must be in line for the most boring movie in year .
the cast are not to bad
but the script are just plain awful ,
they made a boring movie
( boy are they in for a horrible time )
some person actually did enjoyed this movie but i like to watch a movie with meaning
the film was not horrible ,
worst case i-need-this-to-happen-or-we-have-no-movie scenario :
it is not a waste of time ,
that the movie was great
the acting was superb and the character development really makes you care about them
relate to one of the character and this makes for great viewing and some good laugh at the sheer ordinariness of the actor .
his novel `` wonder boy '' became a fantastic movie by curtis hanson .
his masterful novel `` the amazing adventure of kavalier and clay '' won the pulitzer prize a few year back ,
arguably the greatest comic book movie of all time.director rawson marshall thurber has also directed wonderful comedic piece
a beautiful
and the absence of `` why '' is one of the worst thing
it would be a waste
to destroy this beautiful planet .
in a perfect world
as the character are all boring
the french could make a bad movie ,
the script is awful
they waste no time in contriving various `` erotic '' sequence
unfortunately
but there are also some pretty ridiculous sequence
this alec guinness starrer is a very good fun political satire of corporate industry ,
and none of it is really rolling-on-the-floor type funny
this is one of the worst film adaptation of a musical ever made .
the stage version of a chorus line is wonderful .
val 's story is that she is a great dancer but a 3 in the looks department .
but ultimately she is a great dancer .
and is famous for looking great .
an imagination is a terrible thing to waste ...
writer/director jone wastes no time
we have all wanted to rip a terrible toupee off a man 's head .
easily one of the best animation/cartoon released in a long-time .
is a shockingly beautiful and profoundly touching film .
the acting was amazing ,
or even good intentions.this is definitely one of the best movie i have ever seen in my life
presents yet another beautiful performance .
that had both my favorite actress meryl streep and wynona ryder ,
after watching this lame movie and i still have the uise.first of all the character
( an actor i still admire even after this disappointment )
plays was just awful .
that this is a really lousy movie
and there was a lot of wasted talent here .
this movie is funny and suitable for any age .
the location appeal as suitably boring and totally unlikely for the invasion of earth by martian .
has just great line .
but subtle and enjoyable it is .
this has to be the most utally unfunny `` comedy ''
that the only movie i have ever seen worse
worse .
that `` flan '' was a funny word
here a fun fact ,
strange and funny fact i suppose.. and no i am not a child actress .
this movie is a great movie
.i enjoyed this quite a bit ,
it will be even more enjoyable on dvd ,
not exactly master of subtlety .
i would like to see part four and five and six.zizek is very funny ,
in which it is indeed shocking is how shocking badly
.sure the main character get their bloody piece in a bad way ,
it is so lame it even gets boring ,
and really quick too.the worst thing
( if the above was not bad enough for ya )
by filming with cheap hand-held-camera .
which is just as bad as the rest ,
and vary from cheap euro-house to the worst grungy hard-rock ... my advise :
that gets stupid at some moment
called mindless fun
but it is definitely not one of the best comedy ever or one of the best movie
he is a great comedian
but this is not his best movie .
fantastical and original world like no author before her .
is a beautiful take on life
the effect look cheap and ridiculous ,
this was a horrible attempt at inging this book to the screen .
this adaptation can only be compared to boring
fake and cheap motel-room art
which is interpreted in a funny way .
slightly worse than his usual .
movie is not hilarious or funny all the way or anything like that
and those moment are really hilarious.i recommend this fun and worth watching american with english cream comedy to all person
unless you want to be disappointed
of creating a bad movie cult classic ,
that was so absolutely awful
that it becomes fascinating in term of its fault ?
every one of the acting cast should be nominated for worst acting performance award .
i especially enjoyed the performance of the emma character .
without having to look at my watch every 5 minutes.i enjoyed the scene with the tooth fairy and the burning of her .
all in all an enjoyable night of movie watching .
which was imperfect but very enjoyable
and it was made in many part of beautiful paris.in this current film ,
i saw no scene in time square or greenwich village/ no scene of the beautiful hotel or theatre .
they were caricature of the lowest sort.the very few humorous moment are all of a course sexual nature or quite insulting to the many fine new yorker
and toxic waste seep through to the nearby high school .
and thing really start to get messy .
this film suffer from a couple of really dull and overlong moment
horrible murder
a plot more complicated than complex.charle berling is not lucky with the genre ( see the astoundlingly dumb `` l'inconnu de strasbourg '' a couple of year ago ) .the scene with his pregnant wife -which are supposed to be a counterpart for the otherwise noir atmosphere of the rest of the plot-are among the worst ever filmed.add a steamy love scene between them and a gory autopsy
it is really the silence of the lame .
which is the best
that todd sheet ' zombie bloodbath is the absolute worst horror film i
this is one of the funniest movie i
it is an extremely funny movie
the character are some of the worst actor ever to be put on film .
what a mess .
while still being pretty funny.there were a few clich\u00e9 's ,
and was not oh my gosh wonderful.it was just a movie
that you can sit down and enjoy for how enjoyable it was.i do not see how this movie was bad.it is rating is just a bit too low.i could have dealt with a 5.5
and there was nothing horrible enough
is another great season 1 episode .
the teaser is very fun with the close up of the eye and the reflection of the disco light .
this is one of my favorite season 1 episode in fact .
anyway i give the episode a 9/10 .
but anyway this is an excellent early talkie
well it was directed by a great french director
who had directed garbo in 1929 in `` the kiss '' .theo shall is excellent
as a good-hearted old cheap floozie.in all quite an experience ,
arthur bach one can not help but feel for this unique and wonderful character .
she was really excellent
the rest of the cast also excellent
and that great tune `` arthur 's theme ''
truly this was one of the best comedy of the 1980s .
great film get better with each viewing
i loved
tony scott can make good film and bad ,
but this is quite possibly his best film.what makes this film
so great is that scott gives denzel
the set up is absolutely not boring ,
including a superb role for radha mitchell as the mother .
for all their all too obvious weakness .
the setting in paris is great .
if you want someone badly enough ,
the time of her body 's perfection was short ,
with floriane 's self-absorption beautifully portrayed
as well as the equally beautiful union of marie and anne ,
the woman of the house is a beautiful thirty-something ,
who enjoyed `` the house by the cemetery ''
sadly
and the worst part is that her vision
it gets rather tedious from time to time ,
but it also offers a nice variety of unintentionally funny moment ,
that make the movie unforgettable in a way .
the funniest thing however
looks creepy and funny at the same time too
it fits perfectly
will not be disappointed by this one .
a huge dark basement with a terrible secret and the local folk
it is a great story about how one person ,
in my book `` basic instinct '' was a perfect film .
music and the noirest noir script ever .
it can not possibly get worse ,
bad acting and a lame script ,
this is really bad
boring
annoying .
these copy are so bad
that is good in this horrible mess
i am sorry i have seen this awful film
so bad is it .
the only redeeming value is the realization
( and i am sure ms stone afforded the best surgeon money can buy )
but can obviously not restore the perfection of the original .
do not ever make a sequel to a perfect film !
and it falls squarely into the category of `` awesomely bad '' -
and i felt oh-so-bad at the poor guy from the production company
i will bullet point the worst part ; script :
the funniest
and worst part of this movie
it clunks along a linear and predictable road with the occasional ill-thought-out aside .
but eminently laughable.animation :
poorly done ,
it could possible be even more boring to watch solo than `` new world '' with colin farrell
as you will not be able to have a laugh at the ridiculousness with a friend or two .
because it was predictable ,
and to make thing worse there is a hot guy
amazingly she finds a way
no real surprise there.this whole movie was so damn predictable
this was so awful i nearly puked ,
i had an awful headache and the urge
you will be very disappointed.here are some of the logical inconsistency
that lead to that disappointment :
* the movie goes to great length
that will lead to a true sleuth aficionado 's disappointment .
'five day ' is a very weak british crime story .
unfortunately
are quite annoying
who 's character lacks so much development ,
there is at least a good twenty minute to thirty minute of wasted film
is too insulting to bare .
this one was a really boring one ,
you will be disappointed .
that was not completely bland and a few ok black magic spell
the plot was confusing and boring .
the character were thin and annoying ,
this is the worst asian horror movie
accompanied by the now stupid but lovable baldrick
throughout this third series to the wonderfully written sitcom blackadder try everything he can to get rich and powerful .
it won the bafta for best comedy series ,
and it was nominated for best design
and best make up .
and he was number 3 on the world 's greatest comedy character ,
was number 2 on britain 's best sitcom .
this would have to be one of the worst
if not the worst ,
purely and simply it is gratuitous violence just for the sake of it and the ridiculous story line only adds to the lacklustre and incompetent filming .
and its encouragement of violence and intolerance against all non-muslim is lacking objectiveness ,
and also completely fails to factor in the human condition .
just as their are fundamentalist and evangelical christian
and loved the movie .
and though it is not as funny as that movie ,
turn and whirl through the gloopy circumlocution of their own insignificance until the poor viewer is left alone with the conclusion
funny and illiantly acted .
it was so incredibly disappointing ,
this film is extremely poorly made ;
from its writing to its directing to its hilariously horrible acting .
this movie falls short of conveying the overall intention of the play with the ridiculous musical sequence .
and other poorly cast role ,
but she was great
we both enjoyed it too the maximum - hilarious laugh - sadness about the `` realistic police- normalos '' .
much too short though ... it is one of my all time favorites - and i am aware of it
delirious was so funny.. i was in tear .
the best impression was of jame brown and mr t > so funny ! !
do not watch but amazing
and so funny.. i have seen it 6/7 time
which is real funny.if
because they had played in some of my favorite movie ever .
i was amazed at how great the story line actually was .
because it was not horrible at all .
the actor and actress played the part wonderfully and the way
some scene were a little unbelievable and or poor ,
it got just a small bit boring ,
with which he completes this function
unlike that film the fourth man is also perversely funny
the film is also full of both subtle and not so subtle visual symbolism
unfortunately
would have stunk just as badly as this barnyard animal
he talks badly aped received english to some other guy .
unfortunately hine ' effect are both crude and incompetent \u0096 tripod fighting machine higher than a cathedral spire stomp
we get the worst looking stuff used again and again .
are slowly tempting him to share of his greatness.each role in this movie ,
whose dramas are played in unforgettable harmoney of emotional feedback .
that either end up as catastrophic or fantastic .
and fantastic it became from start to end
definitely one of the best movie i have had the pleasure of watching .
where poor tom always gets the worst of it
some very good acting and some wonderful smile as well .
ok ... i watch a lot of bad movie .
many time there are some gem in the b rated bomb .
but this movie is one of the worst i have watched .
bad thing is that she did not have much of a plan .
so you mean to tell me in this movie the bad guy win .
imagery bad thing about the movie :
that are influenced by film noir ,
but this is really his best work .
without being distracting and offers the perfect combination of suspense and dark humor .
it is too bad
that works best is the old fashioned way with an audience and indoor set .
that 70 's show is a great example .
played wonderfully by topher grace and ashton kushton
i liked the casting of tommy chong as the wasted
but beloved father figure to steven hyde .
i loved watching tanya robert besides charlie 's angel .
i loved brooke shield
who also created my other favorite show
`` cabin fever '' is a horrible film .
it turns funny .
when the film try to be funny ,
the humor is quite bland ,
i was pretty disappointed and disgusted .
sometimes funny
was that supposed to be funny ?
i did not find it funny
unfortunately
and even worse
do yourself a favor and avoid wendigo.personally
is the key to the film.one of the best thing
fessenden and director of photography terry stacey find some great shot in beautiful location ,
that this is perhaps one of the worst film with native content
uncreative attempt at utilizing portion of traditional coyote story and poor camera work were only made worse by the glib uncreative story-line and bad script .
the writer and director have displayed the worst part of a colonized approach
for being an apple and for the internalized racism and poor sense of humor
the fact is that this movie differs so greatly from the original film
and has added some great new stuff as well
a terrible amateur movie director
this film and i use the term very loosely is so bad
that it is.. well bad .
the humor is painfully unfunny
now i have seen some atrociously awful 'horror ' film in my time
excellently made buddy film ,
rating- 10/10 .
since i was enjoying a wonderful ice-cream with nut during the whole movie .
it is cris reeve greatest role as clifford
one of the best actor of the last 50 year and in this film as good as he has ever been .
every single part of the film was awful .
i particularly loved the bit
and many scene are dull .
this film are not too bad ,
being made clear.i enjoyed this movie ,
great to watch late at night !
i give it a generous 7/10 .
beautiful ...
acting is great ,
before - but rarely
i was too young to see richard pryor during his greatest time ,
( not as funny )
funny
these day eddie murphy is boring and old \u0096
and 'delirious ' was the greatest castle ever built .
truly one of the funniest routine of all time .
or stupid .
this movie is literally the worst movie of all time .
bad .
plot = bad .
accent = bad
acting = bad
harp = bad
sex scene - bad/cringeworthy.still ,
how could such a good roll call of actor perform so badly ?
bad
bad
bad .
really was a dull guy .
this gem came along with 11 other movie ,
and this is easily the worst i have seen in a long time .
that its horrible .
at least that movie is so unbelievably bad
this is right at that cusp of no redeeming quality what so ever .
from the bad acting
with bad blood
and this was so bad
but the best performance throughout the whole movie is that of the actress who plays the title character .
i give it a 10/10 .
neither will dumbland
that dumbland ,
very stupid .
but in this stupidity can be a sort of ironic intelligence to it ,
as he was constantly for better or worse during the period of five year
and even an episode like with the guy 's friend coming over is funny more-so for the beavis and butt-head comparison
one of lynch 's very cheap
but fun poke at societal convention )
and one of the most harrowingly funny thing i have ever
as if on cheap paper with an impetus to shock with foul-mouthed language
if dumbland is something
all i hear about is how poorly the animation is done .
would you expect perfection in hell ?
it was great to see her character transformation in this movie ,
this police procedural is no worse than many other of its era and better than quite a few .
but emerges as an enjoyable programmer .
the best thing
from the old-school tattoo parlor to the cheap hotel to the greasy spoon .
but without the tedious and painstaking effort of the `` lab boy '' ,
i enjoyed john mile
of reviving his dead son ... unfortunately ,
the movie is bad ,
7/10 .
this bizarre and implausible film was as ridiculous at the time of its release
by using cannibalism.unfortunately for the producer of this film the green message
was stupid then
but does contain a very unmemorable last film performance by the late and great edward g. robinson
the critic loved the film
he had rather have only the image and the wonderful soundtrack .
the three goody end up in a game of cat and mouse with the baddies.the psychopath in this movie is curious in that he is annoying .
'annoying ' is generally not a term one would use
dangerous maybe but not 'annoying '
but nothing great .
the movie was not a waste except for some boring scene
who were laughable .
than any one could do.krista really is one of the best in such roles.she also enacted quiet well as the baddie in the last 5 minute ,
was not that good and this was not his best
the dialogue is abysmal and at time unintentionally funny
when you have to work with dialogue this bad
i found this movie a huge disappointment .
and he is unable to hide the glaring imperfection
but i found the movie boring .
definitely not the best example of this much-beloved genre .
that did not deserve to be in the same trash can as the worst charlie chan first draft down the street .
since the great duke ellington 's number is savagely chopped ,
( whose unfortunately fed horrible line
carl brisson 's acting is bland as melba toast
faced huge issue with the production code at the worst possible time
it is fun
if you are having a bad day
or bad week .
but danny is having the worst week ever ,
manages to avoid getting them jail time ,
hearing those bad word coming out of a kid
maybe i was supposed to feel bad for her character ,
because she is annoyingly predictably portrayed as a female
who 's the worst of the worst .
that annoying dialog
and the more scott try to hard to be funny ,
cause he manages to deliver a solid performance ,
but it becomes so predictable and uninteresting .
this was among my favorite movie .
the whole was rather funny than scary
each genre has its best and worst film .
`twin warrior ' is jet li 's best shaolin era flick
while `the evil cult ' is his worst .
while in the recent past is the best `modern era ' jet li movie .
without a doubt is the worst.jet li
the plot is just plain bad .
bad by way of the superhero cheesiness
bad in the sense
bad in its character interaction ,
unfortunately this is the film best
it is a true disappointment .
sadly `black mask ' proved to be an exception to that rule .
if you want to see jet li at his worst
this piece of garbage is the best proof
that the kid this day wants stupid gi joe version of good story ? ? ?
the looney tune are some of the most beloved character in history ,
tiny toon was a great example of how an old idea can be updated
but this piece of garbage is just an example of stupid corporate decision
that only wants to create a cheap idiotic show
the whole show is only a waste of time
this does not sound too bad
bad copy of flash
the were supposed to be funny ! ! ! !
too bad
it could not have been that much fun .
despite the disappointing ending ,
as if they are coming from a great distance ,
midnight cowboy is an excellent film portraying the harsh reality of society
a wonderful film version of the best-selling book and smash broadway play about the life of sadie and bessie delany
excellently performed
heinkel and messerschmitt .
to avoid peace .
the ally wanted to steal the world 's greatest technology and scientist from the german and contain complete ownership through an `` unconditional surrender . ''
the ally wanted to steal the world 's greatest technology and scientist from the german
it is a poor film ,
too bad she only appears in one other film in the database .
the film is filled with laughable gore and fakey death scene .
if you like to watch poor horror film ,
while the practical mummy effect are not bad ,
they do the best
if you just want to watch a couple of your favorite firefly character
almost vomited at how stupid it was ...
it was not even funny stupid
which is sometime a fun movie
oh boy ! g1/10 -
this is the worst slasher film i
as a showcase for beautiful girl working out ,
strong recommendation to avoid ,
which are laughable .
so how refreshing ! ! ! !
and that is a superb movie .
amazing
and i am really cheap .
particularly since i could have written funnier material
worse
it are not funny .
it was not funny then ,
and it sure are not funny now .
but even worse
where cheap laugh ,
the opening shot was the best thing about this movie ,
were there any redeeming value ?
and the girlfriend was realllllllllly bad .
it is mostly wasted
instead of simply showing racism for the ugly and stupid thing
rarely happens .
they do not make movie this bad very often
too bad .
but the final reveal does not make a great deal of sense
in fact it gets quite dull .
but i would recommend this movie for any parent wanting to inform their child in a fun way about the first moonwalk .
and this one effort by them is painfully unfunny ,
when it could have had great potential .
this movie is amazing .
a great british indy movie !
fantastic chemistry between the 3 main character make for some hilarious drug-fuelled set piece
great to see phil daniel back on the big screen
and gary stretch is surprisingly good and a treat for the lady !
loved the final fight scene with it is nod to zulu
what a terrible film.it starts well ,
the acting is not so much poor ,
but the script is pointless
despite the atmospheric music.it really is amazing
and i urge you not to waste a minute of your life on it !
where we view horrible act of inhumanity to jew
is ok. this is a terrible adaption of it though.awful
( and i mean awful )
bad dialogue
and average cinematography make up this terrible adaption of hatchet.the film
banging his head to cheap 80s rock music )
his jacket was torn to shred but in the movie it is perfectly fine with no tear or rip
that knocked down several of his thing.my favorite part of this camp fest was brian 's lame flashback
that can all perfectly fit into just the back of his truck )
that line out in the movie.there is a pathetic epilogue with brian
where he carved a message ,
so perfectly done :
( where we really supposed to believe that he carved that that perfectly with just that hatchet ? )
`` this is so bad
and back to bad again . ''
perfect description of this movie.i would not recommend it to somebody
( because they will be disappointed and bored to death.for those
this is awful
and will ing down your thought on the book.1/10
this is a great
ridiculous horror movie
if you love 80s metal and bad movie ,
9/10 !
and i found the movie quite enjoyable to watch .
tremor iv can not be considered a bad movie ,
in fact it can not be even considered an epitome of a bad movie ,
there are cheaper way to find thing
of surfing to its perfect form ,
has edited ream of amazing stock and interview footage down to their essence
an amazing guy
big wave surfing 's present day messiah.there is tremendous heart
this is a wonderful documentary
arlene in the former is a beautiful
that launched her among the greatest star .
the integrity of the story is preserved by superior acting from howard and davis as well as fantastic steiner 's music
- max steiner wrote a beautiful leitmotif for each woman in phillip 's life ,
and a beautiful scene
considered to be too beautiful to play leading role in gone with a wind )
camera movemant between the some scene is also original and refreshing.but my strongest objection is that event are presented too two-dimansionally ,
fascinating music and original editing ,
it is just a beautifully detailed surrealist journey.there is no real dialog ,
and fun
only a 9/10 from me
a perfect ten would have been
but nevertheless moonwalker to this day remains a fun fest of music
nonetheless provides a fantastic and entertaining drama for the audience .
ending with a perfect
and steve helps him out the best he can .
this is a really fun movie .
you have your fun-lovin '
parker posey makes this movie great .
i have never been a great fan of her ,
there are subtle manerism
that perfected her character .
if you want good laugh and a fun time ,
so i was anticipating it greatly
my worst fear were
the movie was surprisingly watchable ,
my definition of a great movie is if you want to continue to see it over again .
great film .
certainly of the calie of `` beautiful mind '' great acting
when you try to help the poor ? ''
it was fun to bad-mouth the movie
as beautiful and sexy as ms. zadora is ,
( just so i can compare the great ab with shahrukh \u0096
after debating whether i should waste almost 3 hour on a meaningless movie i
where i do not have to watch scan notily clad woman with bad acting skill doing nothing
i would again be subjected to meaningless story with bad acting .
it was a great movie with a good storyline about the vanishing tradition of our society .
that the acting was great and even
though the music score might not be considered the best ever ,
just like ajay devgan went from being a joke to a great actor
she is beautiful with a great voice
and they both did an excellent job
and had fun .
well ... 99 per cent of active russian audience is disappointed .
( we are big and beautiful country with intelligent person living here .
depriving them of one of the greatest and most iconic show of all time .
and it is not just the dated artwork or terrible dialogue .
it lacks style
timeless and beautiful self .
interesting but not fantastic photography
poor and at time confused storyline
with poor dialogue
while laura comes across as a very naive and weak victim .
the ending is so terrible and `` hollywoodized ''
when they started the annoying music under every scene ,
hope the numb3rs are fun .
but the story was just so weak .
and the portrayal of lincoln was even weaker .
that ford was going for great funny hero guy
was even weaker .
that was just stupid .
and makes me laugh can be bad but this vivid and silly story was just so ridiculous
it great.i have no idea
it was like a terrible practical joke .
the graphic where good the story line seemed solid
and it had all the trapping of a great movie .
unfortunately it is not going to happen for now .
director and all the actor great job
if a bit bland and the acting was good enough
`` was it as stupid as revolver ? ''
jason stratham would have been amazing
this movie could have been worse
the dvd is cheap and easy to come by ,
the color is lush and wonderful to look at ,
how good/bad/strange/ is it ?
.it never fails to make me laugh .
boring
funny
now that in itself does not make for a bad film .
mady is rather disappointed by this development
( unfortunately
he will get help.there is a fantastic twist to this
the production value are terrible ,
and the whole undertaking is just lame
it amazing this was even released .
avoid at all cost
1/10 .
refreshingly free from clich\u00e9
the tethered pair are seen to be a great deal alike in their response to form of rejection
with all footage shot in a beautiful autumnal ontario province .
this film has jack nicholson and shelly duvall at their best .
so if you are looking for a great movie ,
this is the epitome of a good thing gone bad .
when she wrote/directed this disappointing piece of garbage .
this one was for the worst ,
has been replaced by an obviously cheaper
( sadly
it rate a 3.2/10 from ... the fiend : .
a fake witch expert with atrocious pretension and bad manner .
the screenplay by daniel taradash kept the best quality of the fine theatrical play
the technical production was beautiful
wonderful comedienne elsa lanchester and hermione gingold as fellow witch and lovely kim novak in one of her most touching part as gillian .
jimmy stewart was the imperfect element in my judgment ;
but director richard quine used subtle lighting ,
a lovely ending to this beautifully-photographed and unusual romance makes its amazing realism
if you loved long way round you will enjoy this nearly as much .
funny
two excellent cameraman and too much russ .
he is funny ,
great stuff ! the series wraps up in 7 episode .
and rarely even seen racing .
predictable parody ,
like jonathan ross ' enjoyable profile of romero on 'the incredible strange film show . '
layered and beautiful .
that his dark nature makes him fundamentally at odd with the world ,
there is also great use of lighting and fog
though i found this to be a pretty great film ,
that song was nominated for best song ,
and rat are scampering all over and naked body are being enjoyed.kitty
the color is superb in this thriller from emilio miraglium ,
it was like watching a really bad buddy movie from the early sixty .
but this was a major disappointment
a cop with a bad temper
scalise blames the murder on ken paine
gritty noir with some good performance .
and she looks lovely as a model with bad taste in man
if you like film noir ,
brokedown palace is the story of two best friend
the movie chose to focus little on the girl ' situation and more on their friendhip.claire dane and kate beckinsale both turn in excellent performance ,
the jealousy
i enjoyed it .
the soundtrack was perfect ,
excellent acting
but it is maybe his funniest !
not because the story is so weak .
it is full of great name of american cinema
4/10
the joke were lame
a bland piece of crap .
a pretty awful problem happened
i was very disappointed in this 1970 film
the female character and the cosmeticly perfect actress who are chosen to portray them .
too bad !
i enjoyed it .
immortal beloved ) .
great story and character .
the acting is wonderful as leonardo dicaprio
the song after so long has become annoying
which is memorable but in a bad way
and does not try to avoid saying so .
and a rare treat for fan of indy film .
rarely is it seen as a growing film town .
this film is soooo lame .
hurling extra in silly monster make-up at poor
lame effect
lame set
she is a lousy rival for helen hunt 's character -
at least the wonderful plot device of the `` long second watch '' is back in place ,
hooray for lousy continuity !
this is a really bad film ,
with bad acting and a very boring pace lorenzo lamas is really cool though ! .
all the character are just annoying
plus the action is very boring .
when in fact there boring
laughable and just a bunch of moron
it looks very cheap and amateurish ! .
however the middle is incredibly boring ,
plus the dialog is especially laughable ! .there is a cool bar scene
when it in fact is laughable ! .
this is a really bad film ,
with bad acting and a very boring pace ,
the direction is very bad .
george erschbamer does a very bad job here
with mediocre camera work
bland location ,
and keeping the film at a boring pace .
the acting is pretty bad
he is quite fun to watch ,
josie bell is terrible here ,
she did okay at that.robert scott is incredibly annoying as the main villain ,
he was laughable
as were the other 2. rest of the cast are bad .
overall avoid !
avoid ! ,
i cringed at the appallingly predictable plot
the lame acting and laughed at moment
paltrow 's a beautiful woman
and make a mess of the living room .
the best part is where ollie falls down the chimney and load of ick land on his head ,
but he does not seem to suffer much pain from this.dirty work is stan and ollie at their funniest .
great fun.rating :
is a wonderful director
the screenplay is so predictable
the poor officer
this film is a perfect example of the recent crop of horror film
( halloween could potentially be an example of this ) .unfortunately
even though it would never be great .
but sadly ,
the special effect are pretty cheap ,
it is boring
cheap
and bad .
amazing piece of work .
steven spielberg created a wonderful movie
it just wonderful .
one of the most unheralded great work of animation .
the `` accidental nightmare '' sequence is doubtless one of the best piece of animation ever filmed .
are certainly portraying bad part of hong kong
poor living condition and noise pollution .
that `` the pillow book '' is insulting the japanese culture and the hong kong environment .
yet boring film .
the animation is fantastic in the big picture
thought were wonderful .
but the weak story and the empty character stood in the way of that .
acting is great
and makes no mistake here.an excellent film all round .
this guy continues being an excellent actor
an excellent actress has become and i congratulate her .
it is excellent .
my vote is 10/10
but i will not waste my time
but i still enjoyed it .
one of my favorite episode is where jesse
how what made it so funny ,
another one of my favorite episode is where jesse
i found the 1971 version quite boring .
it is not all that great .
( boring )
patrick and all the other great player
i loved her as sara deever
who the `` best actress '' award was going to .
unfortunately aileen
is the more sympathetic character .
you will be missing out on one of the best performance of recent year .
mr. blanding builds his dream house may be the best frank capra/preston sturge movie
or it is a wonderful life - movie
every pointless bit of business here is fawned over for four
this cinematic crater is and will remain the very worst canadian movie of all time .
by far it was my favorite .
and the character perform were great .
unfortunately all of the life was taken out of the story .
i have never seen such an awful portrayal of mr. rochester .
all of his most fundamental trait are gone .
based on the wonderful music and cinematography
he looks great
bad moon
but his acting is also superb.isabelle adjani with her big glass is wonderful.the landlord ,
monsieur zy is played by the great melvyn douglas.jo van fleet
play madame dioz.the fantastic shelley winter is the concierge.the tenant is something very scary from time
but that makes it all so fascinating .
i enjoyed watching brigham young
it is an incredible story of a strong and devoted person.as a member of the church
it is rare to see a love story
was great as the woman so full of life
unfortunately ,
michael is an incredible artist ,
watch the movie.moonwalker is fun for the first half hour ,
not that it is not a great song ,
the story was incredibly weak :
that is incredible
this music video is perfection ,
michael always goes above and beyond perfection and smooth criminal was incredible .
i loved moonwalker as a kid ,
i still watch it for fun to this day ,
but it is not the best movie by any mean ,
if you are a michael jackson fan as well.7/10
the lady man is laugh out loud funny
with a great diverse cast as well
as having some very stupid but excellent scene
( including the funniest love song ever written )
plays an idiot surprisingly well
and has written himself some of the funniest line
to get worse and worse
the worst episode .
king is a great writer ,
there is nothing terrible about the film ,
and the slightly forced ending seems to eak the rule of this genre a little.there are worse way to spend 90 minute of your life ,
who overcome real problem in a beautiful setting .
recommended for anyone who wants to feel something and experience change .
it is perfectly acted
but what really matter is the simple and wonderful message .
even the theme song alone is funny .
because it is easier to give a cheap thrill
( however quite why it has been given a `` worst film '' razzie
there was a thousand worse film
a fellow psychiatrist and a rare example
perfect cast for a few-person drama .
but a bit slow and somewhere even boring .
this is the funniest stand up i
it is the funniest i will ever see .
then you are missing out on one of the best stand-ups ever .
george carlin or even the great like richard pryor or red foxx and this will surpass it .
it is funny as hell.could you imagine
and it is still the funniest damn thing on video . ''
and be prepared to laugh your freakin ass off ! 10/10
i give this movie a 2/10 star
they make one of the worst movie couple .
and the movie messed it up so horribly ,
2/10
my goodness is this movie bad .
bad guy wear black ...
a bad guy wants a sweet girl
or they have sold their soul to the devil.rachael mcadam is beautiful ... .yup ,
not a horrible one ... she is just cute .
you have loved one in danger
amazing .
but then rarely did actual teenager play actual teenager .
so `` the blob '' is not without a modicum of subtlety .
which might best be described as rebel
it was bad enough
the movie is teeny bopper at its teeny bopping best .
and although clearly on the cheap side
and the film would be a great choice for either family-movie night
that these boring character personally witnessed every significan not moment of the 1960
this movie was still unbelievably awful .
`` the sweetest thing '' is both vulgar and unforgivably stupid ) ;
that it somehow comes off as a delightful little gem .
the movie is very entertaining and highly enjoyable :
it was never boring .
the acting is terrible .
as a whole is depressing and disappointing ; 3 )
the weird line and side plot are not made any better by the terrible acting ;
and 5 ) this is a really bad movie .
expect to be disappointed
unfortunately this is not quite accurate .
all the piece are there - the beautiful backdrop
sound good but unfortunately nothing is up to par .
the married couple and the little sister are particularly poor and uninvolving .
unfortunately when mediocre character acting is combined with a classical `` chekovian ''
very predictable ) plot
the result are at best tedious and at worst painful .
horrible and frightening thing will happen ,
a principle of darkness and opacity functioning as a sort of projective space for the desire and fear of the viewer .
it takes place in a perfectly normal society ,
hundstage deal with these matter as a function of the everyday ,
( a rare thing on television ) ,
great writing
wonderful camera-work
so bitterly disappointed .
the film was directed so badly
the dialogue laughable and the film - well apart from a nice fight scene between achille
and it did not even look as if the two of them cared a great deal about the other .
eric bana and peter o ' toole acted very well with a bad script
to save this awful movie .
maybe in all the tree they used for the funeral pyre -
so disappointed it hurts .
the `` shootout '' in the staircase is one of the most train-wreck funny scene ever .
when at his best
when he is at his worst his movie can stench of pretentiousness .
unfortunately
woody is the best at being woody .
this type of thing only pulls the audience out of the story.my favorite woody allen movie
that is not the best film ever ,
it was so boring .
but i am still angry that i waste my time with this film .
the character were not stupid ,
these character were some of the most flawed and stupid character ever .
the only likable character - lisa - made one of the most stupid move in the movie .
( i can not even remember his name- is that bad ?
and the reaction was bad .
very bad .
expect bad leg for this one .
that the film is never quite as funny
it is messy
if the film is supposed to be character-driven the poor lighting does not enhance the acting
unfortunately bunny chow will not be remembered as one of the ight light of the south african new wave ,
but some of the remarkable film about our apartheid history will indeed be rated among our best in our 110 year old film history .
not surprisingly the film disappeared from cinemas in cape town only two week after its release and from most of the cinemas in durban and gauteng .
which of course is not funny
the movie is great
how many time do we have to see bad horror movie with a killer in a scream-ripoff mask ?
the dialogue is poorly developed ,
it is boring
and wastes too much time on trivial detail ,
the acting is bad
this rental stink worse than a skunk .
in it when the saetooth attack it also i loved it
that was the best and the 1ton saetooth walking on its front leg hilarious
it was terrible 1 saetooth alive and killed
it i loved it
the plot was wonderful
and unique as well with an excellent moral to the story.this movie is definitely not for someone looking for a sex romp
this is a wonderfully poignant film
have seen even a great number with high box office earnings.i highly recommend this movie .
this was the worst gay-themed film i
this is the worst film
the audio track is so bad in many scene
bad lighting
bad set
bad photography
poor script
generally bad acting all add up
i did make it through to the bad ending after several attempt ,
do not try to palm off this lame attempt as a finished product .
whose life has been fascinating but ultimately directionless
`` your worst enemy are hiding
but once you see the clear message and the ability
( two of my favorite film of his ) ,
that this was not lee 's favorite film .
but lee crafted an amazing film out of one man 's journey into the unknown .
were two great scene in this film
this was a very bad movie ,
that was probably lost in the shuffle due to the remaining poor scene .
jude law gives his all in this beautifully filmed vampire flick
but despite their best effort ,
as being representative of gram.i can not say enough bad thing about this movie .
went to see the movie with great anticipation - of course
it would be a great rgv treat ,
you could play a fun game with friend :
raj is in fact not bad
i was really disappointed with amitabh bachchan as babban ,
who could find redeeming value in this piece of crap ought
because otherwise what a waste of expensive film it would be .
we saw this lousy movie ,
it was a tossup as to which one was worse .
scott wilson and robert blake are excellent as the killer
the landmark photography is by the great conrad hall .
and the beginning of a short lived love/jealousy problem.tess harper and sam waterston round out the cast .
by linking their name to that of a well-loved and well-respected ,
about how great their movie is going to be.person
could do worse
achingly beautiful in its exultation of small thing ,
it would have been worse
so i will part you with my favorite line :
and begins to mess with pierce.at one stage pierce is innocently making `` vegeburger '' .
other time the lighting was so bad
to tell her of mr. elliot 's awful character
it is too bad .
but she was completely hamstrung by a poorly organized script and an over-truncated production .
because i am not a big fan of vampire and the sound of the director 's name deran serafian usually means bad news .
but i blame
check it out ... my humble opinion on to die for = 8.5/10
competent and entertaining and the rest of the extra are excellent
and the mansion goes up in flames.this senseless mess is too dark ,
boring and the stupid dialogue never matches the lip .
`` you are the dumbest smart person
i absolutely loved this soap .
it has been one of my favorite .
i loved the character
the best soap i have ever seen .
even despite the great cast --
.if not for the terribly funny aspect
who sees great potential in the spirited girl
if poor.neither of these are good ending .
( obviously some based on jealousy )
it is about how love can overcome even the worst tragedy in life as portrayed in song and style and the character
or had exploding message
it sounds lame with out the 's ' .
of course this is not laugh out loud funny ,
he should have at least voiced the stupid car.kid will like this ,
it is not `` so bad it is good ''
it is so bad i would rather be poked in the eye with a sharp stick
ticket for snake on a stupid-butt plane .
calling this a cult film is an insult to true cult classic like repo man
it was dam funny !
too bad
that that show is on bad time for me .
and he comes on stupid idea .
the stupidest guy on whole group
probably stupidest in town and his a cop !
he is so stupid
to take the 'message ' of the bible
it is quicker than sitting through this waste of celluloid.poor acting
you could not really put this into the 'so bad
but it is a great vehicle for action as nicolas cage as memphis raine
but it is entertaining.surprisingly ,
including a very weak performance by one of my favorite up and comer
is just a token love interest with hardly any screen time.can a series of beautiful car and the car chases
they become involved in make a great film ?
but this is not one of my favorite .
and most of the rest of it is person engaging in a lot of poorly-written
it was fun to see steve m. and anita c. together ,
is ridiculous .
it was a technically poorly made movie .
i really enjoyed this thriller !
the cast was excellent ,
and it was just an overall enjoyable movie !
as one of the best thriller i have ever seen !
and the `` surprise '' ending is nothing but a bad joke on the audience ,
and direction are uniformly awful .
but is never funny
the overall affect is of massive stupidity with a nasty twist .
wanda nevada is a complete waste of time
and unfortunately this sum him up perfectly .
self-destructive and thoroughly annoying .
for example.all of the witty satire on the class system etc was wasted
the show 's best-known song is `` cocktail for two . ''
the biggest disappointment in this film was that
i expected the acting instructor of the cast to eak in and apologize for how poor the acting was .
in creating a wonderful set and spectacular image ,
the whole biker movie genre has to be made up of the worst film
the acting is beyond terrible .
this film is one of the best of all time
actor are fantastic ,
you were fantastic as dr loomis ,
which of course is one of the film best scene .
i loved this film
that unfortunately evil does exist in this world
and that is what makes the film enjoyable .
that is made into an excellent and terrifying atmosphere .
as well as psycho 's superb storyline ,
there format are the best horror has to offer .
to me halloween and psycho are the best film i
halloween is undoubtedly one of the best movie of all time .
this superb film draws on a variety of talented actor and musician at the top of their form - levant
the acting and story are wonderful
those with weak constitution will have some difficulty
on screen over the next few years.miss eisenberg has developed from a cute face into a strong young actress with charm and wonderful comic delivery .
that this is one of the best thing
generally boring !
of it is a wonderful life .
i also thoroughly enjoyed bad santa .
i like excellent
`` fred '' is a perfectly ok holiday movie
not a great flick
but my wife and daughter and i enjoyed it for what it was
on british channel 5. it is fascinating to think
or be watched and loved world-wide .
i loved this film
a list of good point and bad point.i will start with the bad.bad point :
the acting of said badly chosen cast
that was not that great to start with ,
and even that would not have saved this horrible piece of film-making.stay out of hazzard !
some horrendously bad
but some of the film seems awfully prescient .
but it is rare to find a film from the me decade
it is the unforgettable movie about two adult and two spunky kid on an adventure for fun .
it was bad ,
age 7 year and up will enjoy this wonderful
one of the very best thing
unforgettable and so understandable .
it is really annoying
great work paxton .
though the plot is very weak ,
at her best .
it is truly one of the worst
is horrible .
and the sex scene are downright lame .
it is busy repulsing you.just awful .
i fund the young actress of talent
putting aside the religious message ,
where he played a weak character .
was wonderful and tender .
valerie bertinelli was excellent and lovely as usual and very believable in this role .
if you like everything to be perfect and make sense ,
avoid this one .
it is completely unexpected and completely ridiculous .
`` magnolium '' has a lot of great acting .
`` this is stupid ! ''
scrappy-doo is about the most annoying and awful character
the bottom line is that the little dog is simply unfunny
annoying and grate on the nerve
it would have been better to just end the franchise than create this mess !
if this attitude is `` avant-garde '' or just `` stupid . ''
who do not even bother to learn the lyric to `` amazing grace ''
although perhaps the blame should go to the poor sound quality ,
while watching the dvd.this is quite possibly the worst film to ever
and mr. mikel comes off as a surprisingly sweet old man ,
it is rather poor .
it won the oscar for best picture ,
but the film is just boring at time with so much dancing and dancing and dancing .
with overblown production number and a weak story
and `` a place in the sun '' for best picture !
to make matter worse ,
even more amazing to me is that `` ace in the hole '' lost for best writing
hoffman is superb
played perfectly by marisa tomei
andy 's embezzlement of company fund
but it was awful .
i can not imagine why helen mirren and other were part of this degrading mess .
like i stated before its a degrading mess .
its not even funny .
but seems awfully routine these day .
more than likely you will see it as an extra feature on some cheap `` 4 movie on 1 dvd '' compilation at wal-mart for five buck .
this is the worst ripoff of home alone movie
cheap vhs dubs of this show from waaaaaayyyy back when
but still creepy and fun ... .even so ,
some of the episode were great .
my personal favorite was `` it is a miserable life ''
that was my favorite.some of the episode were much dumber ,
painfully bad christmas film
that has an equally painfully bad performance by vince vaughn ,
`` bahumbag '' at how unfunny this film is and after another 30 minute ,
involved in this mess
that he is not having fun with his role
rachel weisz ings a sense of fun and spirit to her role
you have a very unevenly bad film
that the white actor playing chinese was not as bad
it was not the greatest performance i have ever seen
that the timing of the release during the great depression sort of turn this film into an allegory .
where the audience vote for their favorite `` stalker ''
and he taunts a stalker armed with a flamethrower with `` how about a light ? ''
it is funny stuff !
this movie serves as a great parody of today 's `` reality tv '' craze .
this is a fun film
9/10 !
penelope keith is perfect as aunt louise
they could have recreated ceylon.now to the bad .
this is such an appallingly bad adaptation is hard to find word to condemn it .
loveday has changed from the young woman
this is definitely one of the greatest disney movie
( my all-time favorite actor )
it is a wonderful family movie .
if you enjoyed this movie ,
i give this movie a solid 9/10 !
using great writing and great actor
the series is aloud to progress in a satisfyingly unpredictable and exceptional way .
the series also boasts a great collection of regular
michael imperioli and steve van zandt are great secondary character
( great !
robert loggia and frank vincent.the sopranos is a great family drama and a realistic interpretation of modern day mafia society
that despite the rare bad story line manages to be unique tv .
to create yet another perfect hbo package .
it is very rare that i complain something
and walked away very very disappointed .
unfortunately i could not say the same about `` expiration date '' .
avoiding the trap
but the best and worst movie i have seen
`` little miss sunshine '' being the best
and this movie being the worst .
it the ending is on of the worst ending in the history of cinematography !
person giving there lives for a stupid cause and for what ? ...
and the whole concept was fascinating .
character died for stupid reason ,
and honestly ask yourself is it good to have only four guy left in the world ; its pointless and stupid .
this movie is really stupid ,
because it looked like a fun movie .
but the movie was confused and pointless ...
this is not a fun romantic comedy
a serious waste of time.b
and the best sword fight since flynn and fairbank were in their heyday ?
i loved it .
john hurt and tim roth were great villain .
this must be one of the worst swedish movie ever made .
that such a bad script was allowed to become a movie
so what the tv audience see is not the best comic in the us.if the comic do make it to the show ,
helena did an amazing job in it !
the movie was also really funny too !
the joke were great !
bar none- worst episode ever .
where we seemed to be part of the great philippine 'i shall return ' landing scene
gregory peck triumphed in his portrayal of the great general
and newhart is quite funny .
cesar romero and robert morley pop up in some funny cameo .
the excellent music score is by laurie johnson .
while not a beautiful movie to watch ,
unfortunately
diane lane and ellen barkin are at their most beautiful
then there is the great `` bullshit '' scene between barkin and jeff goldblum
this film is both subtle and bald .
and how funny the script can be ,
that have seen and enjoyed the original cube ,
it is a neat little psychological thriller with very interesting concept and a certainty about its own message .
but only really resulting in making a mess of what never needed fixing.what this new film has to offer ,
are not awful .
dark look to the film akin to such film noir as 'the matrix ' and 'dark city ' ,
unfortunately for barbarash
never finding a solid
it is too bad
he chose to do such a weak film .
as two actor has shown great performance
set in japan about a dysfunctional family
and watches the 4 member of the family at their worst .
rather than any supposed underlying message coming out for the rest of us to consider .
that panders to the worst element in society
and is in anyway utter gash ... a disappointment from a man
it is funny ,
have a great summer : )
the best of last year ... there are small thing
that play a great importance to the movie later ...
predictable
that the acting is not all that bad ,
that it is all too predictable ,
2. david lynch typically takes great pride in audio
because at least that idea is funny .
which mostly fails to capture the atmosphere of the character 's world and wholly fails to take the character anywhere
the actor was not at his best ) .
however the movie was just plain bad .
it was boring
space traveler was also a horrible movie ,
but this one was refreshing
fun to watch ,
this is a great example of that .
its amazing
and i find it so ironic that my 2 favorite tv show of all time star richard dean anderson .
and considered it one of my favorite sci-fi flick ,
i am disappointed to hear
maybe even better.this show is amazing ,
this film has some of the greatest comedic dialog and memorable quote ever assembled in one film !
and received poor review and viewer comment .
there were a lot of truly great horror movie
which worked so well in classic film such as the bad seed
young girl blames a load of person for the death of her mother ,
that it is boring !
as the location look cheap
the maker have chosen the best person for the job ,
and set the scene wonderfully .
but here he is subtle and convincing and very impressive .
( great 30s film starring gable and harlow )
that has been so badly underrated
that it is amazing ! `the invisible ray ' is part horror
drama and sci-fi are a perfect blend ,
the scene with the gargoyle outside of lugosi 's room is a perfect example of the mood .
which is so sadly missing in today 's movie of the genre.as with `the black cat ' and `island of lost soul ' ,
that was at least mildly entertaining.the original `` basic instinct '' was no great film
this lame-ain ,
is she as beautiful
and whatnot.the rest of the performance range from bad to terrible
who does not always do great work
so bad person were laughing at certain moment
the whole plot is a cosmic mess and the ending
talk about stupid and unbelievable .
( still predictable
and person in the theater began throwing thing at the screen during a particularly outrageous and insulting scene inside an orgy-type nightclub .
when his favorite wussy 'metal ' singer
this movie is utterly laughable
rating `` 10/10 '' master piecesome year ago
nothing is perfect ,
but this movie - together with schindler 's list - is your best .
that man sometimes could be bestial
rarely are they both negative character totally .
where they are both extremely sympathetic but at cross purpose
that a rare form of radium is in nigeria on a meteorite
unfortunately by sir francis and lady arabella ) ,
that for a change karloff and lugosi are not unsympathetic toward each other .
she is best remembered as basil rathbone 's frightening sister
this is a fascinating account of the hunt for the soviet union 's first known serial killer .
that is sadly lacking in many big screen releases.much of the credit must go to chris gerolmo ,
the acting by the whole cast is also superb
their convincing portrayal give their character arcs a great deal of credibility ,
i had the pleasure of screening `` the big bad swim '' at the 2006 new london film festival last week .
the festival highlights some of the best independent and non-mainstream film from the past year .
that `` the big bad swim '' was chosen for screening at this festival for the simple reason
could only think about how well `` the big bad swim ''
`` who killed the electric car '' and `` transamerica '' .the `` the big bad swim '' is an engaging
the interweaving character development and plot line derived from something as absurd as adult-swimming lesson work in subtle and endearing way
which i found refreshing .
if `` the big bad swim '' is not picked up for some kind of distribution i would extremely disappointed .
`` the big bad swim '' need to be seen .
disappointment is impossible !
one does not show up at someone 's funeral
this was an incredible out-of-print work from the master of comedy
i was soon to be disappointed .
who enjoyed it ,
but the majority of the funny came from the music videos
that this was not al 's greatest video achievement
most of which is tedious ,
that actually kind of work and the actor do not play it too badly
and is as fun to watch as ever
the space sfx are not too bad
the most annoying aspect
of it all though is the really awful and usually inappropriate pop music
and only detracts from what is only average at best.basically an okay watch is you are up for something cheesy ,
i have got good news and bad news .
that is great !
but what is the bad news ? producer :
that is ridiculous !
but bad writing ,
you expect it to try to convey some sort of message .
they might have been trying for the tired old `` do not let anything hold you back '' message
i loved that scene .
it was my favorite scene in the movie ,
actually.the transition from funeral to wedding was meant to show
raised in the 1970's-80 's would want to.it rate a 7.4/10 from ... the fiend : .
episode in funny order ,
was a great combination of giallo and gothic horror - and this second film is even better !
the female side of the cast is excellent with the stunning barbara bouchet and marina malfattus heading up an eye-pleasing cast of lady
after new episode continue to air.i have heard great thing
who love a mix of both genres.eric stoltz does an amazing job
it is one of frankenheimer 's best and most underrated film
and it is easily the best elmore leonard adaptation to date
`` but i loved get shorty ''
elevates the story 's sleaze factor to amazing height .
for reference purpose my favorite leonard book are :
my favorite frankenheimer film include second and the manchurian candidate .
his joke are great ,
the 70 's were not a *great* period for special effect ,
what you have is a fun series
but then gave way to a simply pathetic ending .
i will not make any great effort
great idea for a film ,
but sadly 'cut ' is just another wasted opportunity.unfortunately australium has not had the world 's best track record
is best left forgotten .
is probably one of the most boring and uncharismatic villain in horror movie history .
lame one-liner would make the dialogue of a porno seem like shakespeare .
hyper-cinema during the `` research '' sequence just look lame ,
ronald colman won a best actor oscar for showy performance as a popular stage thespian
unfortunately
this scenario is awfully obvious
surprisingly draggy
this is one of the best animated film i have ever seen .
why sequel is doing such great business at the box office .
'' is excellent
he usually has something funny
while denis leary is the ferocious bad-guy-turned-good sabertooth tigerthis is not just humor and pretty color but a nice
just seemed so ridiculous .
deedee pfieffer 's performance was awful i thought .
but this movie seemed to have a ridiculous plot and over the top acting
it remains the worst movie i have ever seen.before seeing this ,
one of my regret will be the time i wasted
and cypher is refreshing for that reason .
that just fits this movie.cypher is far from perfect as some of the sequence are illogical and at time it can be inconsistent ;
recommended for fan of the original 'emmanuelle ' ,
the dialogue is utterly ridiculous .
i could go on for an eternity on the bad aspect of this movie ,
it is fairly safe to call this disaster `` mst3k worthy '' .
this is an excellent overlong runtime of jeremy brett-holme series .
however is a greatest villain ,
he alongside peter cushing are the best sherlock tv ,
a perfect counterpoint of brett .
sad waste of time.willem dafoe is excellent actor .
peter stormare is an excellent actor .
slow does not make the movie bad ,
it was just bad .
which was even more disappointing . )
it is just too bad
because after 45 minute of pure boredom and stupidity i turned the channel .
put these two `` actor '' in a stupid movie and the result is twice as bad .
yes i have rated this film as one star awful .
this truly is so bad
buys a really cheap/bad mexican movie ,
mechanical wind-up reindeer and some of the most pathetic child actor i have ever seen bar none .
( an excellent performance by the debutante helena dubiel )
all in all a very disappointing film ,
we loved school of rock and jack black .
the movie was so bad i wanted to walk out .
the only funny part were in the trailer .
the writing was awful .
it had every terrible stereotype of hispanic person
there would maybe be some redeeming part ,
not from laughing but from the memory of a great rodney dangerfield movie .
easy money had him at his best ,
poor rodney was getting old
this sounds like a great idea for a dangerfield movie .
the script is so poor
the movie looks like it was shot on video with some really poor stunt sequence
but the poor man is getting way too old
which thank to the horrible 1990 's ,
( probably v. v. cheap )
.the cheap synth soundtrack is a classic of its time and genre .
( does not seem quite so funny in retrospect
murdered etc and surrounded by bad person in an obviously depressing environmant find something
non judgemantal director ,
is shown as one of respect and unity to achieve something great for themselves .
with an evident will to nurture him into their beloved practise and hopefully become a good role model .
it all looks great
the subject matter keeps lot of person away from a funny and heart-warming film .
it would be a b-film response to the dreadful darkness fall ;
they made a worse film
but he is not in a class with the great shakespearean like olivier and welle ;
( the bad boy )
just pathetic .
a poor man ,
in the greatest church of paris :
witness him changing from poor slob to horny jerk .
just a simple ( subtle )
there are many great bit in this movie
the best moment for me are the kung fu u scene as well as the great moment
but it is also very funny mainly
the story in general is pretty lame and eugene levy and joe flaherty
and the great scene
and need to put your ain on stupid .
one of the best american director ever ,
william friendkin was the perfect person
despite being a great actor ,
who to make the movie and the story great .
but it is also completely enjoyable as a light
and have fun doing it .
these day it is just refreshing to go to a movie
stereobland
a good documentary on the subject might have been the best way
it is a true gem .
when asked about my favorite film
a stupid lame attempt at a tele-movie .
was totally weak
the wolf contact he wore were great ,
the sex scene was lame too .
weak plot
unlikely car malfunction
this is by far one of the worst and least
if you see it you waste time
it is not only the same lame film-as-art speech all over again .
or in the word of a great movie maker :
surprisingly well made little movie .
cast is excellent especially elizabeth van meter as the girlfriend with tourette 's syndrome .
starsky and hutch was also enjoyable ,
especially when the scenario was not quite so funny
where it is rarely played ) .
before - and very rarely successfully .
enjoyable and fresh comedy ,
he is asked to play a fuller role than the ridiculous character of his zoolander eed of movie ,
and generally becoming tedious .
the last annoying element of the movie is christopher walken 's role as 'the j man ' ,
it would be quite enjoyable ,
that this movie was great or even good is either delusional
and it was horrible .
because it is such a horrible rip-off of the story .
that we are very fortunate to be perfectly healthy ,
i was really disappointed.ram gopal varma ki aag does not come anywhere close to the real sholay .
ram gopal varma fails to create chemistry between the character .
ajay and sushmita sen was trying their best but no use .
rajpal yadav 's voice modulation - ineffective and rather pointless .
he messed up
i loved her show stopping performance in the five heart beat ,
like i was watching a bad college kid act for the first time in a student film .
but not horrible
( even though it was poor judgement on his part as well ) .
i would avoid this at all cost .
dick tracy is easily the best comic book
al pacino does a wonderful job of his own adaptation of big boy caprice and madonna is memorable as breathless .
but the best job by far is warren beatty
provoking movie into a swaggering testosterone fest.the original 1971 version of this movie was beautifully vague about our hero kowalski .
that it was the best slasher movie
this is the perfect blend of 80 's and 90 's horror .
this is definitely a move in the right direction.denise richard stands out here as a fun character .
i loved her in this movie .
i watch them all.it is not better than the amazing one
as the other step movie i have seen were so american.i loved
i loved
i enjoyed the stepping routine .
very badly made film ,
the action/violence scene are ridiculous.1 point for the presence of burton and mastroianni + 1 point for the real tragic event of the massacre of the innocent italian :
2/10 .
predictable from beginning to end .
`` the incredible mr. limpet '' was much better ,
even leslie nielsen was a bad fit here ,
it is very disappointing .
otherwise you risk boring them
this film was a big disappointment.i take the opposite view of the critic .
who was a great comedy actor ,
but in one of his poorest performance
his character 's constant reference to fictional cop are a poor effort at irony .
how bad it really was
i was horrified that i wasted what seemed like 4 hour of my life
i was surprised at how a movie could be both cheesy and excellent at the same time .
seinfeld had 9 amazing season with great writing ,
then got worse at the 100th time
it is truly awful .
it is a great film with a great message
to see how great and realistic movie can be
i especially loved the dance sequence during his showbiz stint .
the music and cinematography is great .
and gives a great performance .
brandon alexander gives a great comedic performance
as clitarissa pink.the worse
they wanted what is best for the movie .
is blacklisted in hollywood.the most ridiculous thing about the movie
probably the best thing about this movie
at a fun fair .
( the great gordon harker )
this is an excellent film
that will not disappoint you.highly recommended .
it was the perfect movie to watch in the mood
plot is awfully boring .
dull movie
but few and not very funny anyway .
that mukhsin has been wonderfully written .
there is tonne of subtle message
sniggering at how pathetic it is )
( complete with the shrill annoying voice )
and simply bad mouth ppl all movie long .
i have been disappointed just like many person in the audience ...
i rated it 2/10
the audio for the first few minute was terrible with sound out of sync and segal voice not even his ! ! ! !
pathetic !
when the audio sync was better in about 5 minute the poor plot ,
even if it does not go so low to actually be funny and achieve cult status as a comedy ,
gandalf can be funny talking korean ,
and the evil henchman can provide a lot of fun switching back and forth between sauron and jaja-bing
but the truth is that his film actually are not bad at all .
the re-animator sequel are not as great as the original ,
return of the living dead 3 is the best of the series ;
but it shows yuzna 's eye for horror excellently ,
but surprisingly ; i would appear to be in the minority .
the plot follows perfectionist dentist dr feinstone .
a successful career and a beautiful wife - pretty much everything most person want .
his life takes a turn for the worse
the dentist offers a refreshing change for ninety slasher movie .
this for me was a wonderful introduction to the talent and beauty of marion davy .
adds to the overall fun .
a great movie and must see for heavy metal hairband fan
with a great sound track by fastway ,
i loved this movie
and loved to play rambo on it .
when i got to buy this movie really cheap .
man this movie is really bad !
and that stupid love thing in the middle ,
it is just so amazingly predictable .
the variety of character is amazing
i enjoyed the relationship between the lead
i also enjoyed the mix of humour
it was a great step up from eave ' other effort
they have a great website
it should be fantastic .
as keira knightley plays the role of cocky badass bounty hunter domino harvey and even her dialogue seems strangely choppy .
otherwise she plays her poorly
that the story is told at an amazingly rapid-fire pace
there are some funny joke ;
it is a mess ,
but it is a rather enjoyable mess .
i give it a weak 7/10
and executed them well.7/10
this is the best stand-up show
this is his best work .
was just plain terrible .
which is rare for the kind of random ,
much of `` over her dead body '' is so painfully unfunny
that she can not carry a film in this terrible romantic comedy ,
she is grating and annoying as a ghost
unfortunately
that can not get funded
because vast amount of money are being funneled into bland crap like this .
how stupid do they really think
kyser and his band mate are incredibly obnoxious
the great supporting cast was given a back seat
and fan of these actor will probably be disappointed.the film involves kyser
it is passable entertainment at best .
`` sound 's great !
it is stupid patriotic jargon
than our country is in much worse shape than i ever imagined .
i had expected something along the line of cheesy melodrama and bad special effect
like the movie is an insult to your intelligence .
displays the worst acting i
that i wasted nearly two hour of my life watching this movie !
this was a best-selling novel is incredible ,
the good news is that this is done so cheaply
not recommended for anyone with a 3-digit iq .
they would get a glimpse of what i loved as a child .
how bitterly disappointing .
a waste of film .
and i loved it .
jimmy stewart is a special favorite of mine .
this movie was a lot of fun to watch ,
and i enjoyed it thoroughly .
( even though slightly different and also a very enjoyable film . )
great overall storyline
great camera work
but the first is still the best overall movie .
tom berenger does a great job
the wonderful set
super action and the best stunt forever .
and lau ching-wan is a great co-actor .
of course the movie has the typical hk-fun.but i love it !
this documantary by marian cooper is absolutely amazing .
it has bad dialogue badly
performed in a meandering and trashy story.as badly
as it fails as art ,
it fails even worse as commerce .
have seen thousand of bad movie ,
who fell from grace '' and `` mano '' ... my choice as the three most unredeemably bad movie i have ever seen .
and make it worse ?
unfortunately i have to agree with the critic
in this case it is used in the worst possible sense
worse the vo also explains what is happening on the screen !
( not incredible
but fails to entertain
it seemed great
to stop from commenting on the terrible writing
cheering at the rather clumsy but basically uplifting scene and gasping at the insanely obvious and predictable tension scene ,
those were poorly done ) ,
unfortunately
because of how incredible it was --
when a beautiful woman named simone picard
it is hackman who gives the weak and uninvolving performance ,
while hill raises his game to surprisingly high level .
but the pacing is awfully slow
maurice jarre 's music is uncommonly flat too \u0096 very disappointing from the guy
sadly
the special effect and the writing are all about as bad
the plot is sooooooo predictable .
that the majority of the movie going public is stupid .
the romance in clive cussler novel was weak .
the hell with the girl and the stupid piece of paper .
1/10 garbage
( a wonderfully over-the-top michael caine )
( a solid reeve )
( superbly played by cannon )
and you have got yourself a wonderfully funny suspense flick.while not up to `` sleuth '' standard ,
but overall `` deathtrap '' is solid
well acted and suspenseful fun .
rarely has the screen been smeared with such a blown-up hodgepodge of half-baked conspiracy theory
but surprisingly narrow-minded cult of love and peace .
and the poor soul
this is still a superb film .
it still compliments the story of tony montana well thank to the superb screenplay by oliver stone and the first class direction of brian de palma
( the other being the fantastic carlito 's way ) .
this time with a superb cuban accent .
and he does it fantastically .
so pacino 's performance i suppose is perfect for the film .
as usual and mary elizabeth mastrantonio makes a great debut
chainsaw assault and a big great shoot out .
it does not have the subtlety of the godfather film ,
this really is the worst colour movie
that can be funny to watch ,
so bad they are good
and seeing bad movie just makes you want to go out there
but watching this just made me feel sorry for whoever made it.as bad
and was disappointed in the evity of her bath scene .
an excellent end to an excellent series !
the best cop show with the best writing and the best cast on televison .
the end of a great era .
she could have avoided him this long .
the achingly funny characterisation
ossessione is in very bad state
this film is beautiful
the restoration effort will be enjoyed by many generation to come .
have not seen dysfunctional family
so it would be pointless for that person to do so .
( 1999 ) was pathetic and find me guilty was an interesting
lumet ings his best film in decade and
this film is like a rebirth for lumet.this movie has an excellent story which
i think the ending of the movie is perfect.the performance are illiant.philip seymour hoffman ings
one of the best actor of our days.ethan hawke is also an excellent actor but he is underrated by my point of view.his performance in here is great.the rest of the cast is also excellent
the great albert finney )
which were sadly ignored by the pathetic oscars.the film
is a real masterpiece with perfect direction
a great screenplay and excellent performance.we need more movie like this .
it is an annoyingly repetitive story now :
which he project all manner of perfection .
everyone lives in perfect gigantic apartment in great manhattan neighborhood ,
during which all the character relate fascinating anecdote and discuss arcane philosophy ,
that allen is not really a great film artist at all .
who is intent upon telling the same boring old story again and again .
the best part of this movie is the cinematography .
the visual side of 'presque rien ' is so amazing it deserves highest note .
that i just loved.- bizarre touch .
this may be my favorite .
this one has a real funky feel
i could have easily given the college girl murder a 7/10 .
the movie fails
are ridiculous ,
( which is laughable not only because they know his name ,
to get coverage of his bad movie )
unfortunately you fell for the bait
zero day is a bad movie
i loved bruce broughton 's music score
the best aspect of the movie were the three animal ,
wherea fox has the funniest line ,
this is one beautiful-looking film ,
with beautiful close up shot of canada ,
there is never a seriously dull moment ,
with a 9/10 from me .
that this cartoon seemed like a place holder in between the really great cartoon
not the greatest cartoon ,
this movie is most possibly the worst movie i have ever see in my entire life !
the plot is ridiculous
and the whole `` little man '' crap is just so stupid .
this is just a pointless horrible piece
the joke are not funny
fever pitch is a fun enough movie .
it has a lot of funny moment
than that it continues to be funny until the end.even
too.7/10.barky
great leslie cheung as ling choi sin
where he meets and falls for a beautiful woman
a chinese ghost story opened my eye to the incredible world of asian fantasy horror
a magical realm inhabited by beautiful female ghost
with superb direction from siu-tung ching
excellent editing from david wu
a chinese ghost story is a completely unforgettable and thoroughly enjoyable experience from start to finish .
this is surely one of the worst film
the ridiculous story line
poor joan bennett ; she is the only one in the movie
dreadful .
actually it is not a bad flick by fangoria film ;
`` servered ty '' simply lacks it own distinctive style .
but it can get melodramatic and a bit in dry in the fun factor .
as the couple you loved to hate .
the past footage of their twenty-some-odd year together really ings their final moment home.if this movie does not make you feel the pain and agony of these two fascinating person ,
drew barrymore was excellent in this film .
the storyline is also great.when holly is implicated in her mother 's murder
it is an amazing interpretaion of an oft-filmed/performed piece .
the pan and scan really kills this film 's wonderful cinematography and set ) .
just great storytelling the way
but rarely does .
jacobi is especially perfect as hamlet 's murderous uncle :
and his beautiful wife morgan
that seems to be the worst of it ,
and committing a terrible deed
to try to pin the blame on scalise.otto preminger directs a script
this is a solid film noir with excellent performance and all the shadowy photography and murky morality
the classic noir
this movie would be more enjoyable
it is one of my all-time favorite movie .
the scene at the airport with the ief shower and beautiful music was sheer poetry .
its subtle in its approach
politically speaking.the movie also contains some really great one-liner such as ( a personal weakness of mine ) :
a great movie
with a backdrop hinting at greater depth
this movie is terrible .
is a great film .
remember those gem !
to get th bad taste out of my mouth .
after just seeing the perfect son at the 2002 gay and lesbian mardi gra film festival in sydney
the perfect son is a wonderful movie
this movie was awful .
the ending was absolutely horrible .
their performance were excellent !
robert duvall 's and jame earl jone ' performance are completely wasted on a god awful storyline ... or lack thereof .
that i had just wasted 2 hour of my life
the acting performance by the entire cast were excellent ,
but they were grossly wasted on such a disappointment of a movie ...
not excellent ,
and who can blame her ?
ok it is not very motherly to sleep with your daughter 's lover but let 's blame
and instead of being insulted by that ,
while he is insulting her very badly .
this movie is an insult to woman kind .
it deserves point i suppose for being a completely unsympathetic drive-in thriller ,
but the bad vibes
it is reasonably funny by bit ,
it got great star
are forgettable ,
is amazing ,
it is terrible
that actually have a story and excellent music
and they have many other thing that they need to do with their life ... the idea about having a very young band is horrible ... they need to stop having band like this ... and i do not like the idea at all
nor the kid themselves ... they are very annoying
that this is a very boring comment thing ,
i would have rated the series a perfect 10 for outstanding and consistently high quality story and character development had it not been for the last episode of season 10 !
that the fan have been cheated with a poor clean-up of loose-end ! poor end to an otherwise illiant sci-fi series .
if this is just a horrible movie or the worse movie i ever saw .
this movie would make an excellent double-bill with session 9.i
let me make note of this death - this is one of the rare movie
i was kind of disappointed about this two guy ,
has a really bad script ,
only and i did not disappointed again .
still great photography
logical and beautiful ,
about this film is i get a bad dvd .
but also rather funny in a low-ow way.this
is another of the fun episode of the twilight zone .
this one features no lasting message .
-- as he perfected the grouchy persona
and was kind of funny at the same time .
this film is no `` guilty '' pleasure.three wonderful sophisticated leads actor - urbane melvyn douglas ; bemused cary grant ;
let me begin by expressing my admiration for a perfect portrayal by reese witherspoon .
that her performance stands out in the excellent cast is praise indeed .
robert mulligan has seldom disappointed those of us
making at its best .
i tried as hard as i could to sit all the way through this irritating mess ,
as the lead and all the supporting cast were only marginally worse .
from the awful acting to the laughable fx to the stupid plot.complete waste of time ;
root canal therapy would be more enjoyable .
watching a uwe boll movie would be only a little worse than this .
it is so boring i felt
i like bad movie 's
but it was just boring .
some funny bit ,
this film is very confusing and inconsistent.bill 's a funny guy ...
the borderline between comedy and preaching can be annoying .
bill is obviously emotionally reactive to religious fundamentalism .
we can do better than just react to fundamentalism .
is non-sense.i had great trouble
that simplifies all religion as the same is simply disappointing .
technique are demeaning and insulting
before in `` basic instinct '' .it is really a wonderful thriller i enjoyed very much.so
10/10 .
this movie is incredibly bad .
surreal film noir released soon after the `` real
`` sasquatch hunter '' actually was not as bad as i thought .
this was not as bad
and actually gave me a little jump on first viewing.the bad news :
the creature here is mostly rendered by horrible cgi ,
which made him look totally ridiculous and destroys any credibility
but it is still not the best sasquatch movie ever .
it is actually quoit enjoyable .
takashi shimizu had a great opportunity with a remake of his original film ju-on the grudge .
( gellar especially is disappointing
in it and made thing more confusing and/or dull
amazing effect for a movie of this time .
a primer of the uselessness of war and how war becomes a nurturer of itself.a wonderful thing
its manner is one of wistful profundity
while this is an excellent and challenging film ,
it is not an enjoyable one and its difficult to think of any time
that lanza did a superb job in the story ,
blame it on hollywood !
reaching the high note of be my love is not easy ; but beautiful !
but we did and i feel obligated to warn other to avoid it at all cost .
and if that were not bad enough ,
has not that poor woman ever heard of electrolysis ?
have those horrible mole removed
they get worse every time .
the worst of them get to be sent aoad
acting or script is a waste of time and money .
0.02/10 .
as the single worst movie i have ever seen in its entirety .
alternating between a silly and contrived plot about an extremely annoying photographer ,
who know how to have fun ,
that shoot cheap wedding on camera ,
because it is just way too ridiculous.the script was _obviously_ written by someone with no writing experience whatsoever .
that may not have been too bad of an idea .
a similar common approach about child abuse with no original insight is very simple-minded and disappointing .
there are those bad guy
there are those poor child
but very disappointing .
the actor did their best with what
how i miss this show so bad..
that i liked best about the show ,
it has to be its `` not predictable plot-line '' .
favorite actor was lucas black.. i adore
and enjoy a great show ,
both wonderful .
i am sure.everything about the original was so excellent
it is even annoying finding yourself comparing the two mentally
but william was not too bad in this movie .
unfortunately
this film is stunningly beautiful .
because you can see the art at its most beautiful
this movie is awful
and amazingly bad .
and what is even worse is that there is also a puppet with strand of felt hair
all the while a most annoying soundtrack play in the background like some kind of spiritual discovery
there are just varying degree of bad .
i was bored almost into a coma watching this stupid
mol shine as legendary pin-up queen bettie page in a fine biopic.gretchen mol is probably best known for being tauted as the next-it-girl a few year ago
is wisely not graphically depicted nor is the subtle showing of her own father
when she arrived.a beautiful raven haired sweetheart with a divine figure ,
and she is having fun in her increasingly less-clothed portrait -
mol is perfect
limit it.worse is the historical reality of the film .
just who is and who is not among the undead by the end of the film.the only negative is that i felt sorry for the poor snake
a strikingly beautiful woman appears topless ,
does it proves fascinating to watch unfold before us .
and amping up its overall `` fun '' factor .
i particularly enjoyed the comic scene
does not stop the movie from being just plain good fun viewing though .
jj has always been my favorite and i love
drinking kool aid was like his favorite thing on the show .
and the indictment of it in most of these comment made it more fascinating to view .
but great is not anywhere to be found anywhere here - story
instead of being boringly confined to a lectern .
often boring detail such as seen on court tv and in real-life courtrooms.every character in this presentation was either insipid
unsympathetic
obnoxious
boring
fascinating
movie would appear their best forte - probably best in 2nd-lead
an excellent film depicting the cross current in the life of a multi-ethnic mix of not so ordinary person in the rural pacific northwest .
solid directing and writing along with fine acting
( from my favorite television show deadwood )
the film is funny
features great acting
and beautiful photography .
this is destined to be a real indie gem .
it even has music by my favorite band the silver jews !
the only disappointment was that molly parker was not there at the screening .
even without her there ... this was hands down the best film i saw at the festival .
but it fails entirely on film term .
and really is insipid is the tedious work
with the dumbest member of the audience knowing
really one of the stupidest sequence ever put on film .
given the immense 'bad will ' generated by both this stupid
stupid movie
the best scene 's from the movie ; the museum scene and the elevator murder .
( not bad for a 49-year old !
`` body double '' .brilliant nerve wrecking thriller .
i love de palma ! 10/10
this has got to go down as almost one of the worst movie of all time .
awful acting
awful script ...
were so predictable as to be pathetic .
it is potent.to call swept away awful
would be an insult to the very concept of terribleness .
my back literally hurts from cringing so much at poorly delivered line .
is a wonderful satire and metaphor
superbly acted and written ,
they are great fun to watch ,
as this movie was terrible like he said
after he said that i was still dying to see how bad it was.the plot :
both of book are great read the book then watch the movie ,
who described charley chase as unfunny ,
the guy was not funny .
unfortunately
and the gag are so poor .
it is still an awful film .
jeroen krabb\u00e9 is i guess the poor man 's gerard depardieu ... ..naturally i hate gerard depardieu
he is box office poison and jeroen krabb\u00e9 is worse than that .
the poor man 's box office poison ... .really
is it funny ?
because he is the worst actor and every character
it is the worst film ever
i knew 'patch adam ' was horrible
it is great fun to watch .
and very enjoyable at that ! do we remember
goldie knew this was fun-fluff
i loved her in laugh-in and every thing
because his 4th one main prem ki diwani hoon was so bad .
as usual alok nath as the good and loving father is fantastic ,
who has gone through such beautiful moment in their life .
a lawyer and his son william the future admiral of battlestar galactica.like battlestar galactica the series includes some great experienced actor in eric stoltz
while the racial theme rarely touched on in bg
at the prestigious amsterdam fantastic filmfestival
and unfortunately unavailable big guss what is the fuss ,
certainly one of the best film in troma 's liary
in what went on during the making of this cult-favorite and a few hint of what would be different
'mojo ' features a strong performance from ian hart and annoying one from aiden gillan and ewan bremner ,
rather dull
it seems he remembers old flame glenda jackson but not current wife julie christie ,
and the film 's dulled-out color is enervating .
this `` soldier '' is best left forgotten .
i enjoyed the first 10 minute
it catches some of the landscape with such a beautiful light ,
in fact the cinematography is probably it is best asset.but
patrick mcgaw is great though and very easy on the eye
`` edtv '' and `` amistad '' and avoid too `` larger than life '' and `` angel in the outfield ''
if any line.as for scorpion springit is not a bad film
talented actor like jeffrey tambor and christine baranski are utterly wasted here .
foley 's noir quality in this saturated and intense pulp film is seemingly `` perfectly '' fit together .
this is a superbly put together cinematic piece !
some movie are so bad ,
this is really low budget bad quality bad
but what could have been interesting stay stupid
bad acted
but that definitely does not add any quality to the film.it is a waste of time
why not see a pseudo-film noir .
that the national picture are awful ,
really close to the worst ever made !
when we get back the funny of the 40s
when `` le\u00e3o da estrela '' e `` costa do castelo '' were among the world best of their time
a woman 's drama the has some unexpected funny part
there is also a predictable air to each of the chat tracks .
funny and intriguing in all part .
the character development is near perfect ,
obsessed with late 18th and 19th century dynastic tale of japan may snub this film as not kurosawa 's best work .
perhaps not his best ,
but even at his worst
kurosawa is better than many of the best .
this story is so based in elevating the mundane life of ordinary person in a time of great change ,
this is a worthless sequel to a great action movie .
cheap looking
and worst of all
boring action scene !
should avoid this one !
and avoided this insipid
however this is sadly not the case here .
that there are no really great movie starring dog .
its over-simplified message -
is both glaringly obvious and poorly illustrated.the film does have its moment of pseudo-kafkaesque surrealism
it fails to convince ,
i strongly recommend `` franz kafka 's it is a wonderful life ''
there are some superb actor in the film
with his typical no nonsense attitude and hardcase appearance.the other are not bad
the poor plot
you can say `` poor criminal . ''
`` poor us . `` p.s .
extremely enjoyable as some are ,
are up there with some of my favorite aspect in a movie .
joining in for the fun of a canoe trip .
that i thoroughly enjoyed watching
a reluctant hero/ leader and definitely lacks lewis ' machismo .
was possible the greatest piece of cinematic shooting
remains one of the best film in cinematic history .
to ight and beautiful ,
a couple of unneeded and pointless bar fight and two alleged `` romantic '' relationship
the rescue scene are great -
but the backstory is lame and disappointing .
ashton kutcher is flat but not terrible .
the best female is one of the coast guard sailor in the rescue center
it could have been an excellent film - and costner need one !
a cheap exploitation film about a mother search for her daughter
worse there is not even enough nudity
but it simply is a dull boring film
not the type of thing you should be thinking about in a gripping thriller.avoid .
well flora robson was great .
to find a greater rodger and hart fan than me
in addition to which they knew der bingle inside out and tailored some great song -
but beautiful
are not going to get much fun out of what is essentially a fun movie .
gosha 's last great film of the 1960 's .
a resolute stylist with a great sense of purpose to his film
and becomes an assassination target.one of the best photographed film ever ,
many shot are incredible composition of form
but actually a very accurate depiction of a drunk.downbeat but one of the great chambara film .
and on the second time i did get a great laugh at the movie 's expense .
clean fun . ''
the second time can be quite funny
in an insulting sort of way ) .
because it was so poorly done .
to see what may truly be the worst movie ever made .
is a dreadfully under-written woman-in-peril film
from the weak dialog and bad acting to the jaw-dropping lapse of logic ,
the house is a mess with toy .
sure the film is stupid .
stupid or not
it refreshing to see a woman
getting the best of her tormentors.4 )
i loved the ending !
it is an excellent film
tedious girls-at-reform-school flick ,
with an utterly pointless ending
it was hard to force myself to watch the movie to the bitter and in my opinion somehow unconsciously funny end .
why is this movie so incredibly boring ?
he gave an excellent performance ,
the result is pathetic
was asking stupid question ,
that would be the dumbest thing
this movie was so bad .
it is rare that i hate a movie this much .
that might not have been so bad ,
so horrible wrong as well .
that i was watching a bad movie
so it got watched.bad mistake.the shot i spoke of in the the summary up top is in the trailer and on the poster .
and funny but not in a ha-ha-humour way .
something more substantive than a motley bunch of badly-realised fable from what is just a standard eastern mystic ideology dressed up as a `` cool
badly edited { pace all over the shop
me '' motif/ message ,
a genuine waste of my time.as for the undoubted ability of some person
i am glad you enjoyed it .
great art is because they do not understand the 'craft /material /moon cycle /filament of supreme rational thought '
`` the greatest trick he ever pulled
if you want to see great acting .
wonderful performances.it gives you a real feel
great unheard of movie.it was done
and she is just wonderful .
as always is a great presence
and just his eathing has great feeling .
it really was quite boring
as the worst movie i ever managed to sit through .
fire their obnoxiously noisy sub-machine gun with wild abandon ,
just follow the shell casing and smoke ! painfully bad dialog
the plot is ridiculous ,
save yourself - avoid watching at all cost !
this movie was predictable and pretty boring .
i have not seen a more pathetic attempt
at making someone `` badass '' in a movie .
was lame ,
for the most part the acting was lame ,
this movie was lame.oh and pray for the guy
he looks really bad .
the best actor in this movie was probably the guy in office space ,
and he was only in this movie for about 8 minutes.4/10
or magazine grading ... .martha plimpton is amazing
an awful film !
that would perfectly fine .
so why did they come up with this dishwater-dull script ?
but the best about the movie is it
it is rare to get scared by performance
and this movie 's solid acting plays an important part in the scare factor.the story is very interesting
as this movie.this is one of the best ghost movie ever
but it is in fact the greatest parody of the horror genre
bad
stupid
one of the best of these is the very presence of ed mcmahon in a starring role as a john birch-style right-wing crackpot .
cohen makes fun of everyone - himself included
that was actually funny .
burn won the best supporting actor oscar for this ,
matthau was nominated for best actor
and there is not a false note in this beautifully timed performance .
that `` my name is julia ross '' in this 1945 film noir
she became one of the great acting teacher in los angele .
`` descent '' is so poorly made in term of picture and sound quality
not message
-- - a message that ,
unfortunately
the poor quality of the audio/video again do not help ,
but the sequence is just too damn long and pointless .
this is an excellent 8 minute plus outtake
as she delightfully vivisects poor francie swift 's prissy
unbelievably bad acting
and not in a fun jackass way .
2/10 .
a horrible opening scene establishes
it is boring.when the movie kicks into action
everything is predictable and cliche .
it looked more like a 2 parter in a bad sci-fi tv series .
just a lot of predictable dramatic conflict between the main characters.do not waste your time .
it has a very depressing message
how bad it was .
i was shocked at how bad it was .
is ultra bad .
the set and prop are so ridiculously fake ,
that my countryman produced such a horrifyingly bad film .
and the same power structures.totally amazing !
or the counterweight illusion ... 8/10
it really was a waste of my life .
these person get `` terrorized '' by this pathetic `` crazed killer '' ,
it had a perfect balance of all five aspect .
the action was fun and exiting .
and still i was captivated by the fantastic drama ,
the cast was amazing !
michelle pfeiffer was wonderfully wicked ,
even the newbie actor played their roll to perfection .
fun even the mush had good dialogue.score - i give this component 7 point .
excellent movie for everyone !
in large part you can blame the script ,
add to the mess the fact
that the direction is dull
not bad as such
but badly made and dull .
but the film is a constant and perfect illustration
it is all the less fun
i understood he loved his father but other
and going to the funeral of a stranger for no apparent reason .
why did i waste my time with this movie ?
there was not a single funny joke or line throughout .
the slapstick was not even mildly funny .
that film was very funny )
.avoid like the plague !
eddie murphy looks just ridiculous .
while jame cagney poke fun at his screen persona and gordon macrae sing in his handsome baritone .
played by melissa sagemiller ,
is extremely beautiful and a perfect delight
some bad guy are after them ,
( sagemiller )
the bad guy are just bad guy ;
they really just mess up a story
who the hell needs bad guy ? 3/10 .
which also comes with an excellent commentary track
this film is beautifully photographed with an excellent soundtrack .
the acting was pretty bad ,
provided some beautiful east ,
the soundtrack of the album is one of the best prince
he was at the top of his game.this movie does not rank in the all time great category ,
sometimes over-the-top fun .
they counterbalance the somewhat bland lead .
neither bacall nor hudson could ever be called bad actor ,
in a laughable attempt at a surprise
this is not a bad transfer .
it is not a bad transfer.rather ,
it is a bad film .
if you like bad movie with bad acting watch this .
disappointed .
and some interesting photography but as a whole this movie fails to convince .
and all in all the picture is an unconvincing mess.it is one of those film
classified as a film noir
a film noir is marked by a mood of pessimism
i had wasted my time.4/10 .
is bad enough
it would be bad enough
than these two do with the best special effect and make-up person
terrible dialogue and more plot hole than a golf course
and i like bad movie !
avoid like the plague .
it is not perfect ,
which looks quite amazing.there are not enough english horror film for me ,
and this one is not as bad
and unfunny bit of business such as janie 's little sister ibing family member
the movie was incredible
it is the best special-effect kung fu movie
it is quite poor both as an early talkie and as an attempt at a musical -
the film is very badly written
stock full of stale and unfunny joke and stupid situation .
to me this is a sign of bad direction through and through .
the plot itself was not that bad .
cuba gooding jr. however was terrible .
the action scene were not bad ,
the only redeeming factor is angie harmon .
she does her best to make it all work .
too bad the director left her hanging .
do not waste your time with this one .
avoid !
or otherwise just boring or predictable .
who found her annoying on occasion ) ,
( if sam and gray were such great dancer ,
greedy and stupid ,
that sounds awfully similar to that of `` term of endearment '' ,
who do mediocre thing
and what is even more boring ?
which is also fairly boring sometimes ,
and the dumbest thing are usually done
not the best abc family film
i would not want to waste my money on this garbage by renting it .
since his fantastic work and magnum opus 'underground '
as we observe a funeral mass and wedding on a one-way dirt road .
are about to collide with the funeral mourner
they meet a motley assortment of extremely lame monster ,
and mccallum has an affair with the queen of phoenicia.it is so ridiculous ,
( tested poorly they say ) ,
by no means is the a great film ,
mine loved it
this movie was really great for my sensitive little girl
this film is great as a bedtime movie for happy dream instead of nightmare .
i would just say this technically excellent
flawlessly acted and uplifting little flic will reward the viewer with an excellent hour and a half 's entertainment :
without becoming clich\u00e9d or predictable in any way .
most definitely recommended.a previous user 's comment gives 8/10 for the film and 10/10 for both branagh and bonham-carter 's outstanding performance -
how awful this film was .
is really hard to believe.avoid ...
particularly if you enjoyed the first ginger snap .
well executed.. a illiant film with a fantastic aesthetic and atmosphere .
the third is an insult to the series
1. it is that bad.oh ,
staging of action was terrible- person appearing from nowhere regularly ,
set were terrible ,
so bad !
it saddens me to rate a movie with a lot of my favorite actor
it is like they had a great idea up front ,
and had some great city shot
and i wish i could blame it on yet another bland performance from basinger
she is one of the worst actor in hollywood ,
and definitely the only bad actor in the film ,
and never closed and too predictable 'the sentinel ' is .
was it terrible ?
( very funny part of the movie ,
this is a very funny and unique film
i rate this 8/10 .
unfortunately this is not it.it should have been a good movie about wwi .
but the writing and directing are badly lacking ,
even though there have been plenty of bad general ,
but the silliest scene was the attack of the german flamethrower .
in this scene the german flamethrower operator walked in a oad line towards
to use their flamethrower
but it is still disappointing .
are so badly written
the single redeeming quality of the movie was to treat it as a glimpse into the messed up life of a few loser -
and that is hardly stimulating even as an afternoon waste .
he had a terrible genetic condition
a jonny kennedy memorial fund has been set up
one of my all-time favorite so-laughably-lousy-that-it is-totally-lovable el cheapo and stinko nickel'n'dime independent horror creature feature
an enjoyably dreadful marvel
that the hick hamlet makes its cash off of.director/co-screenwriter william r. stromberg displays a wonderfully woeful and thoroughly clueless incompetence
cardella is way too bland and wooden
to cut it as a solid heroic lead
david allen 's funky herky-jerky stop motion animation dinosaur is the authentic gnarly article ,
seem like pathetically unbecoming nobody bore in comparison .
a perfect set-up
but the plot i heard was so great ,
was so predictable .
boring .
the best part of the movie was the scenery
excellent .
the worst part was the slow moving interaction of the actor
the actor worked very hard at least trying to be a little believable with a terrible script .
try to avoid this movie .
best show since seinfeld .
she is really really funny .
it is all so funny or so stupid
it is just a lot of fun .
the show weak point are her sister and the cop-only
director with great talent
a thief in the night is an excellent fictional account of the week leading up to the rapture and the week following
that pivotal event.i thoroughly enjoyed both the production value and the content value of this independent christian movie.the production value .
this film is perfectly acceptable .
the message of the movie is superb .
he presents the message of salvation
he develops the message of salvation in two important way :
( 2 ) the filmmaker also develops the message of salvation through dialog .
and theology is also perfectly acceptable .
perfectly acceptable .
a very enjoyable
it has some beautiful scene ,
but i was very disappointed .
boring .
this reminded me soo much of michael winner 's crappy 'dirty weekend ' with it is awful english low budget feel.firstly i must say
and any number of inventive and increasingly utal italian spin offs.this was just pointless though .
funny and visually quite entertaining ending .
7/10wwe tag team championship :
8.5/10the boogeyman vs. the miz :
5.5/10 for this three-minute incognito.united state championship :
7/10wwe cruiserweight championship :
7.5/10the undertaker vs. mr. kennedy in a last ride match :
7.5/10santa comes into the ring ,
this was probably the best technical match of the night
and the participant did superbly indeed for what they could without a ladder 7.5/10.being an on-and-off wwe fan ,
overall armageddon was a highly enjoyable pay-per-view
8/10 .
fantastic actor
great flick .
i tried to watch this pile of festering waste
also because you were going to waste the cash anyway .
what worse is that she had to watch this $ % and @ thing twice !
and it is fascinating show .
is great choice .
that building populated by great old academy award winner :
avoid
or are amused by poorly made horror movie .
an awful film with only the music as a redeeming quality .
but as with so many other low-budget movie there is more fun ,
this sadly makes the film not only difficult to watch
it really is very very very very very very very bad !
it far more interesting and enjoyable
it offers all the necessary quality of a solid drama -- memorable character ; sharp
that is all too rare at the multiplex these day :
this is a remake of an excellent film
you had to take over running a drug empire.al pacino was fantastic to me as tony montana
what an amazing way
and have power took its tool on these poor character and their life in america.make you wonder
the direction was poor ,
the acting was mediocre
she is in fantastic voice
in allowing streisand to simply stand on stage and sing some great song .
and an impassioned medley of three song form funny girl .
which instantly became on of the singer 's best-loved signature song.streisand performs her immortal ballad version of `` happy day are here again ''
the premise is not funny or engaging at all .
the interview are not funny or entertaining to begin with ,
maybe it will be funny .
it was like a horrible dreadful version of cartoon network 's `` robot chicken . ''
and that is for the greatness of john saxon .
my most favorite appearance by him are in nightmare on elm street 1,3 ,
( also the cheap $ 9.00 price tag )
this show started out with great mystery episode .
no great joke except for the one-liner we have all heard a million time
that it would be the gem i remembered
and the frequent voice-over were terrible .
this is one of my favorite along with the mariette hartley and robert lansing `` sandy ''
this is an awful film .
nestor can notillana gives a great performance as sylvio ,
snafu short were actually quite funny .
their victory most likely had very little to do with their great musical talent .
definitely assures greatly macae set piece and impressive make-up art ,
be very stupid or b )
they just look downright pathetic and misfit .
where mr. shankar and his party fails.music is completely pale and uneffective .
but was of no use to a bad casted movie
this flick is bad and i mean bad .
it is just plain stupid .
and yvonne de carlo star in this funny
funny movie .
the late fred gwynne is truly wonderful as herman munster
blames the two .
ruining all the fun .
my guess is that the producer did not want to cast the american in the physically weaker role of the female ,
only seen season 1 so far but this is just great ! !
the crusoe family and why is that so great ?
great set up
solid acting with a liberating acceptance
with good and bad side .
but lacks any real depth
but this seems forced.it is an ok film but instantly forgettable .
while not as bad
( i have seen much worse ) ,
this is still a very lame movie .
venantino venantini is great
( and great fun )
as the bad guy
as the rest of the cast deliver mostly terrible acting
poor old rossano brazzi
unfortunately .
that could not be more boring.greydon clark
3/10 .
what a gem of a movie ,
why did i waste 1.5 hour of my life watching this ?
to have a refund for the time
controlled life to one of complete spinelessness and irresponsibility could never be this rapid.from a graduation celeation to the predictable ending tristan price
when observing the talent of the beautiful april
this film has no redeeming quality .
the first half of the film is rather reminiscent to the sadly underrated john frankenheimer gem `` second '' \u0096 starring rock hudson \u0096
there is also plenty of great action and suspense ,
most notably when morgan soberly experiences how the digisoft crew inspects the result of their ainwashing-technique during boring convention .
jeremy northam is perfectly cast
highly recommended to person
but in 1950 it was rare to throw ahab into the mix with cain and abel ,
really boring
and just a sort of shameless pointlessness .
this is any better or any worse than the other .
is neither very funny or revealing
the movie is absolutely perfect in describing professional idge player
some of the scene are very funny .
some of the dress are really beautiful ,
cn began putting up some pretty mediocre show .
that either terrible remake
susan and mary 's early experiment.dexter 's laboratory was probably one of the best cartoon on television
it looks abolutely awful .
that make them really annoying or repulsive .
never ends satisfyingly.the writing range from mediocre to horrid
its horrible reference and joke about teen culture will dismantle little child 's interest in the show ,
crowe was particularly wonderful in his role of lachlan .
is also beautiful
and superb acting .
this is a wonderful film
this film is supposed to be funny ,
and it is boring
boring
boring .
that was supposed to be funny `` what ,
.we are deeply sorry for that cr @ p. 2/10
we loved ariel in the first movie-
the new character were annoying
worst of all
if it were just a wonderful and tragic-comic tale
it were featuring some really fantastic performance
nolte is at his very best here
the juxtaposition of faces is great ) .
this gives an actor a great opportunity to play different or unique character
in order to avoid getting stereotyping .
amazingly
i rank the film a 10/10 .
it is enjoyable
if he disregards the voice of the whistler.this william castle directed entry has some great moment
unfortunately
( and fascinating beginning )
and back again to a complex noir plot for the last 15 minute or so.this is a decent movie
when our poor viewer are sick and need help.1 .
he was now healed.hers how our war hero pat helps our sick and poor person .
then you should enjoy this excellent movie .
i have never seen such a beautiful blackandwhite photo and such a drastic change in the way
not awful ,
but not great
on a beautiful spring evening
the only `` full length motion picture '' of the church 's i had seen was `` legacy '' and `` my best two year '' ,
in it is powerful message !
it was the best movie ever .
the whole movie is great !
in the real story mark anthony was ashamed by the slave 's great valor
a masked psychotic killer stalks a bunch of beautiful young woman ,
bad acting ,
instead it simply saved it from being as bad as usual ,
and they appear to be having a wonderful time .
ustinov wander through the film muttering some quite funny thing under his eath ,
and watching her get fired from many different job is part of the fun .
and karl malden has fun as the dense and sleazy executive
the ending is funny and nicely cynical .
he was more than a funny man
was also a funny book ) .
poking fun at the upper reach of the british social system .
his stanley uckridge will always have a `` perfect '' scheme
and best of all
who also wrote funny book ,
the best of waugh remains among the high point of 20th century british literature :
that perfect butler kegg
( reginald gardiner in a wonderful performance )
george and gracie did their best support with fred astaire .
the fun house sequence ,
is wonderful ,
and looks at gardiner as though he is either stupid or mad ) .
to get married is wonderful too.the film supposedly failed at the box office
and the weakness of joan fontaine .
and wodehouse 's marvelous sense of fun .
in the ravaged wasteland of the future
a beautiful young woman
i basically found eden 's curve to be a very poorly constructed
his comment are beautifully irreverant and yet emminently practical
the production value was great like the costume
i can tell you just how bad this movie is .
what i can tell you is that everyone avoided the camera crew since
this is a bad movie !
they are the greatest show ever .
while several of them are indeed wonderful classic ,
the truth is for every great episode ,
that were mediocre and at least one that stank .
usually watch.while this is not the worst episode ever made nor is it among the very worst ,
it is poor by any reasonable standard .
without any doubt has directed the greatest movie and biggest box office hit of indian cinema.this movie falls short of all expectation as this movie stars two great actor mr. amitabh bachchan and akshay kumar
but where the movie loses big time is the storyline screenplay and cinematography.a talented actor like bhoomika chawla has been wasted in the movie as well as sushant singh.but every director
once in a while in his career makes a bad film.so watch it
sure it is not a bad movie ,
it is not even funny .
that relies on unfunny sex joke and racism humor does not deserve the money
for making such a bad movie '' .
do not waste your time or money on this one .
was a poor choice .
it was a simple and eathtaking view of a beautiful idea .
the source of our comfort and the waste of our consumer lifestyles.amazing
10/10 definitely !
this show is bad
the story was great
and it was fun
to bad sandman never appear but i kinda like it !
best spidey show ever ! !
my favorite episode are :
that was really really bad like :
he was terrible !
his last appearance was so terrible .
everything than this was bad !
since the premise was perfect for a prequel .
even if i had expected it to be bad i
would have been disappointed.where to start ?
to find a real gem ,
very rare
i am lucky to find it finally on dvd today and very rare and hard to find .
as an employee of the swedish air force i enjoyed the nice gripen and hkp 9
one of the few disappointment was the ews 39 jammer pod
his reading of `` high flight '' is superb.cheer ,
the one redeeming factor
who 's the only semi-likable character in this whole mess .
do not waste your money
is so obviously ridiculous .
a pentagon science team seem to have perfected a serum
well tradition.this is a gleefully horrible invisible man story ,
where the scientist work is just wonderful )
the film also has a great soundtrack by jerry goldsmith and classic horror-movie photography by jost vacano .
this is a great fun nasty movie .
( the most perfect situation for a happy american family )
the music is perfect ,
stupid
stupid
stupid .
talent is just wasted .
after we had already seen a not so great film
the entire audience really enjoyed it.personally i thought
and i loved the quirky cast of character .
it is a* 10/10 i promise once you watch it ,
after this awful movie finished for the first and last time on my computer screen .
than i am.this is by far the worst ano film of the lot .
it does not seem too bad at the beginning
but then we hit rock bottom right at the beginning with bad acting and a jumbled sequence of event .
but this one is like a train-wreck in it is poor sequencing of event and awful plot setup .
like you are coming down with a terrible headache ,
so the directing totally fails .
that is why this movie gets a point.the storyline ... lame
lame
lame
lame .
that arm waving and stupid chuckling
badly .
a grade-schooler could come up with funnier stuff
it seems so pointless .
and a lot of the time you just want him to take his awful one-liner
seems annoying and very shallow ,
and this is obviously due to the horrible ,
horrible script this movie was fitted with .
lisa wilcox may be a great actor ,
mostly.the last 15 or 20 minute of freddy 's existence in this film are awful and embarrassing .
pathetic.of all the movie i could hate ,
which is for the best.i know
horrible ,
and one of the worst movie ever made .
not recommended to anyone ,
who surprisingly was not given a van dyke and pointy hairstyle .
but in the world of bad camped-up musical
this is among the most poorly executed in the bunch .
and spoken dialogue.you really can not blame
but it fails most apparently in the look and feel ,
the mid 1930 's when her youth and glamor held the greatest promise .
this a superb self-contained work
and loved the creepy movie
`` bad ronald ''
the acting is pretty lame
i found this movie boring
following these character through a weekend of awful event ,
unfriendly attitude and bad news just is not my idea of a watchable ,
the whole movie just seemed pointless and wandering ,
i was disappointed ,
especially after two local reviewer put it on their `` year 's 10 best '' list .
they just did an awful job in this movie .
it was not completely awful ,
the ending was especially disappointing .
it was an extremely disappointing end
who rather harshly blame marty ,
even though it seems to have a pretty bad reputation .
it was great i actually said
sure the predictable plot and lack of story will probably put many off
then you could do a lot worse than this .
to aidge the most fundamental of its ' citizen right
that message is so non-pc ,
grounded on a beautiful tropical island
firing a hose at the inept comedy relief villain and dousing them in gunk for bad measure.the good point are few and far between .
which looks nice.the bad point :
who would disgrace the child 's film foundation at its worst ?
the terrible script
that would insult most child
what a well-crafted little gem this is !
and jeremy northam is the perfect mr knightley -
and the rest of the cast is no disappointment
and ewan mcgregor is convincingly charming - and alan cumming and juliet stevenson are the perfect `` impossible '' couple !
and the beautiful soundtrack contribute a lot to the feelgood
and there is plenty of fun - and some pretty cool editing -
that keep it from sinking into saccharine merry old england mode.my particular favorite
- some beautiful acting and directing here ,
and the concluding dance summarizes the relationship between emma and mr knightley just beautifully .
my favorite jane austen adaptation so far -
and do not be too hard on its little imperfection .
this movie is an insult to all submariner .
it was stupid .
this movie was awful .
it looked like a wonderfully delightful historical piece .
choppy in almost every spot and dreadful in all spot .
was depressing at best .
too bad he had such a bad script
rachael stirling gives her best effort as the almost gullible lady in waiting .
i really wish blockbuster video gave refund .
how many person over the age have had their best nap during this work .
you can skip past the boring or awful scene .
and is accidentally killed by his own beloved plant
but it avoids being totally manipulative for its simplicity .
but has surprisingly few credit to his name ,
including some real dud such as the unfunny cold war satire the day
strongly recommended for fan of international cinema .
and one that is filled with the great element of romance
the acting of clara lago is simply amazing for someone so young ,
the screenplay of angel garcia roldan is story telling at its best ,
the plot is unpredictable
perhaps the best feature of this film
when one thread is pulled a great deal of history
i would be best served
this dreadful event should be used
2001 '' victim.the best thing
it one of the worst film i have ever seen .
it was full of all the awful comedy
and enjoyed some of the situation ,
in that the second film made is the best
that this film is not that bad and i can certainly think of worse hammer comedy .
it is barely watchable and unbelievably boring
certainly one of the worst film i have seen in a long
should be avoided at all cost .
because they are so badly made those person
therefore good.bad film-making is not `` different '' ,
it is just bad film-making .
and it only keep me watching ... i have seen some terrible thing here ,
that it is a very neat film with great song play and good imagination .
which has some of the best dancing
the character seemingly intentionally bland and one sided .
and jame wood in the background how bad can it be ?
the ending was so weak ,
to have such a poor one .
diane keaton was horridly unfunny as a middle-aged chain-smoking dog hoarder
and worst of all
boring.i suppose i should iefly mention the other character ,
their performance were so lackluster and dull
by the end of the movie i wanted to slap her myself.awful .
they are subtle
that is highly predictable .
the beginning of every scene is easily predictable in the way
and thus lacks any punch for the modern day enthusiast.a positive for the film is its lingering camera shot and dark lighting
it falls far short of a truly great horror/thriller film.i suggest
.all three film are populated with unsympathetic character
beautiful but flawed
it is not too bad .
the film had many fundamental value of family and love .
( it was very easy to understand making it perfect for child )
and was enjoyable and humorous at time .
but harron avoid any kind of personal exploration of the character .
harron and turner have managed to avoid anything
could possibly put a bad light on their heroine ,
and have therefore avoided any in depth probing into
can we look at any other dictator and horrible governmant
it is done with rare emotional perfect-pitch .
witherspoon is excellent :
and consciously decided to make the best possible movie ,
was i wrong.end game has just about the most ridiculous plot i have ever had the displeasure of enduring .
that they have made a terrible mistake in signing on for a movie ,
accompany this with a laughable script and seriously flawed
the special effect were worse
and the acting of the rest of the cast was even worse .
as to how bad the acting was a child
gave the second best performance in my opinion .
the imagination of a child is fascinating ,
and that is where a great story begin .
`` intensive care '' by dorna von rouveroy is easily one of the worst horror movie
ever made.this extremely cheap dutch slasher flick offers some gore and plenty of absurd situations.a horror veteran george kennedy is completely wasted
and the climax is laughable.a famous surgeon has a car accident.he
and the dialog are painfully stupid.still
what a horrible
horrible film .
it is just a reflection of the worst of the worst in reality tv .
are the most obnoxious part ,
written by someone with a love for insulting
yes some part are lame and exceptionally convenient ,
although a bit inspired by hollywood oldie like `` the great escape '' and `` bridge on the river kwai '' .
they are stupid ...
but they are still pretty fun in a `` so bad ,
i enjoyed this movie .
dean cain was excellent in the role of bob .
dean cain 's performance was an usual excellent .
but this is possibly worse than both title .
only worse in some scene .
like cruella were mediocre .
a hugely disappointing sequel to the most memorable of the 60s disney movie along with jungle book .
i can only give this a 3/10 ,
he will be a good actor.the wife loved the movie
and the same story becomes just a boring ,
unfortunately in this dimansion gone ... is a flashy
this crew consists of the guy with the funny-shaped ears
she and cage are supposed to be old flame ,
characterisation is so poor
`` this is not the worst film in the world
and in many way i enjoyed it .
it is just that it is predictable
that never fails to live up to its reputation as a horror masterpiece !
halloween is a fine example of a perfect horror film !
the cast is excellent .
the great donald pleasant does a perfect performance as a myer 's doctor ,
that never fails to thrill and chill .
the scene is beautiful ,
as truly beautiful geisha would not be the over westernised pumpkin in the movie .
the actress are great .
gong li is great ,
but it would be an insult for the movie itself and for art alike
if the movie wins the oscar for best costume
best director or best picture .
and thrown together blood scene were extremely over cg and some of the mutant were ridiculously gay looking
it also sucked because the acting was just plain horrible u think
just because how stupid and lame they acted
it was not ridiculously bad ,
but i am really disappointed with it .
out of nowhere it takes a turn towards a bad episode of the twilight zone ,
that was not as good ... a bad episode of the outer limits.my main complaint about the movie is
the end is also pretty easy to spot.the cinematography was poorly done
but there was the occasional ridiculously bad
south africa is in the grip of the terrible apartheid ,
and i was disappointed with that as i was expecting to see him for the entire movie .
but he was amazing as steve biko ,
and captured his personality from what i have read really well and his accent sounded perfect .
his performance earned him an oscar nomination for best supporting actor .
kevin kline deliver a excellent and thought-evoking performance as donald wood ,
and penelope wilton is excellent
so they got the bad vibe
it is also a searing and devastating portrayal of a beautiful land divided and in the hellish grip of racial segregation and violence .
rarely has a modern film preached
is wasted as a madam
are awful.with `` nada '' this a second period of barren inspiration for chaol .it would be `` violette nozi\u00e8re ''
beautiful english country and seaside or not.the number
to have great conflict among the cast ,
and instead stupidly pulled at the easy and low-cost heartstring element .
fun little film
without it coming off as too cheesy or ridiculous ,
that more enjoyable .
had \u0091the dentist ' not been intended to be a fun ,
sadly
but is certainly enjoyable ,
clone from the late ninety may very well find this a refreshing change ,
a seldom dull and generally well paced script as well as some proficient direction helps
far from perfect but far from bad as well
i enjoyed this film .
sadly .
she resembles a deranged renee zellweger with a bad hair-do .
the music is terrible .
using a different name.best line in the film from tony -
a 4/10 .
baseketball is indeed a really funny movie .
surprisingly good actually ,
is a really good and funny film ,
7.5/10 .
when the show does not resort to the painfully bad 'fighting'-scene ,
he could have turned out worse .
unfortunately
unfortunately
and is executed in such an unpredictable and refreshing way
who avoids multiplex like a rabid dog .
by it is worst moment .
jason lee is performing some wonderfully subtle comedy in this movie
better movie to watch but definitely not the worst pick ... cheer
excellent film showing the pathetic life of two nutty old lady .
writer/director/co-star adam jone is headed for great thing .
rarely does an independent film leave me feeling as good as his did .
you will not be disappointed .
`` foot of flame '' one really can not resist recommending desenex foot spray to the retiring
so badly
and many are extraordinarily beautiful .
or even somewhat integral to the script.poor tilda swinton is wasted .
is the least interesting portion of this fascinating fantasy.david niven and kim hunter are wonderfully cast as the young lover ,
as the heavenly messenger sent to reclaim niven
it is a supreme example of what a wonderful year 1946 was for film .
is excellent and the way
it shifts into bandw for the heavenly sequence is done with great imagination
an annoying experience .
to the whole mess .
gretta sacchi was terrible !
this movie had terrible acting
i loved the token black coach ;
that it was bad acting ,
bad filming
bad writing and in short poor
but it falls short as a 'pull-yourself-up-by-the-bootstraps ' message as shallow as positive thinking .
this is only somewhat attractive for fan of `` bad movie '' entertainmant .
and that great `` woman 's lib '' momant of the early 1970 's ,
the plot is quite awful though .
yet imaginative mess .
and alex winter return as the two punk-rock idiot in this sequel to the time-trotting adventure comedy bill and ted 's excellent adventure
that happens to include the duo 's worst memory ,
bill and ted 's bogus journey is fun
to waste $ 7 on this movie ... weak
acting weak story weak script .
you wait all through the weakness of this movie for the big payoff or even any payoff ... you are left thinking ,
how weak the acting is ?
i loved steve carrell in anchorman
so i was expecting great thing .
i was disappointed is the understatement of the year .
ridiculous set-scene
and do not like to waste money .
avoid this like the plague .
( when that poor goat 'accidently ' fall off the cliff ,
it is considered a great film .
i would have given this movie a 1/10
and ... end.i really avoid watching pinoy horror movie
if it was not for the quite predictable and hollywood-ish scenario .
it is never a bad thing to search and explore old movie
in term of technology.the negative review mainly complained about dt 's `` messed up '' story .
but added a lot of fun to the story .
al pacino was funny and prodigy to himself .
and many thank to make-ups.to me it is not bad at all .
great fun .
the joke became funny
and they stayed funny throughout the movie .
they get funnier and funnier .
about half of them did not like it and the other half loved the film .
if you like weird comical movie with great dialogue
i would give it an 8/10 .
( 10/10 after a few beer )
this movie is not as bad
it was enjoyable
funny and i love
i enjoyed it .
go watch the 50 best horror movie listed on this website .
and what better cause for revenge than the kidnapping of an innocent little girl.the writer did an excellent job in this movie
his death was noble in fact.denzel does an excellent job
great drama with all the area covered except for screenlay
some useless minute could have made more room for more heartpounding scene like those.the dragging of the film kept this one from all time greatness
weary bon mot.unfortunately his dialogue is hardly deathless prose
i enjoyed this movie ,
he thought he loved ,
and his best friend.this is the kind of film
but what i got was a real sucking stupidity .
sometimes its turn out to be good or more evenly bad .
all in all it corrupts all the great thing
and then the writer tried to make a movie leading up to it.unhinged is ultimately a boring film with bad acting
of how bad this movie is during the opening credit when
do not waste your time .
that it is great to see wesley jonathan back on the screen
because i really loved him in city guy .
'1408 ' is the latest hodge podge of cheap scare tactic .
it would make the perfect closing chapter to his latest book .
if what followed was a lot more than cheap `` boos ''
with suspicion of dream sequence and other derivative time-waster ,
even that fails to quell our doubt
to make the movie a little less than completely forgettable.despite grand performance
most everyone else of note is wasted
i had love this wonderful film
my favorite song from the movie is `` candy heart and paper flower ''
but this movie was fascinating and creepy .
creative movie kept simple and focused with great acting by all .
this was not the greatest baseball movie -
it had a predictable ending ,
that he is part of this great family.one of the message
delivered by this wonderful film
you will be deeply moved by this autobiographical gem .
when will they learn you can not cloud the mind of great fictional detective ?
with making particularly bad film .
is perfectly cast :
the film is wonderfully directed by lewis milestone
there are wonderful touch
i understandably started watching it with a great deal of doubt in my mind
this is one of the best film
that it is not that funny
in one of the best scene of the film
who gives a fantastic performance as the lead
but gives a great performance none the less .
it is fantastic ,
some damn fool starts messing with the book ,
who i blame for the whole mess .
like great one liner
you are missing out on one of the greatest film made .
silverman rejecting pitch for `` funniest home videos '' and `` american idol '' and spelling promising his baby girl tori someday
and how he `` comes up '' with the `` idea '' for ca was is laughable !
by setting farrah up as the `` bad girl ''
it fails
and that is especially bad
that come from the original.it is not that grease 2 is bad ,
it is just not all that great .
but i felt a bit disappointed by it .
is fascinating ,
the screenplay for this one is really weak and ings the whole film down .
made so it compensates for the weak scripting .
unsurprisingly
`` panic in the street '' is disappointing
( 7/10 )
bug rank top ten on my list of favorite ,
this `` moving '' movie should become one of your favorite also-
since then i must 've watched it at least three times.this is a wonderful
as well as all of the other clich\u00e9s.it is refreshing to see a movie
and he is so underrated.but this movie has excellent performance from everyone concerned ,
and kudos to the writers.a gem in the movie is near the end
and pretty bad .
as it is advertised as all three go through disappointment
had a pretty bad experience at southern california .
are disappointing .
and he did so quite badly .
how utterly awful this movie is .
that have reputation for being ridiculously bad than
as bad
ozzy does have a funny cameo as a reverend
it is funny seeing ozzy with short hair .
it is a cheap shot
as there would be one predictable situation after another .
but altogether the film is not at all bad and definitely worth
( 7/10 )
is a lame movie .
the situation were inane at best .
i am an avid watcher of bad cinema .
that make the movie enjoyable
.i have to not recommend this waste of disk .
this film is fantastic .
you can love for all their good and bad .
its the best thing he is ever done .
he was funny ,
it was very funny
`` i am going to take a shower '' .the plot is completely predictable .
there is no great acting ,
do not waste your money on this one .
he is going to pull the gut out his bunghole '' '' brilliant ! ''
nobody writes that stupid !
got ta be a spoof.i loved the part
that after the freaky guy had bested martial art expert porn queen and a couple out door type jock
why the nice hero girl wanted to kill the funny lady
when it was going to end.the death of john howard was completely predictable .
for giving this film a whopping 3/10 .
and the main bad guy is a gal !
no great actor ,
so badly and contributing to the continued growing ignorance of mass tv audience throughout the us.typical hollywood
very disappointing and a complete waste of time .
such a pretentious and lame attempt to hipness .
really the worse movie i have ever seen
however the movie was that bad
that i really could not feel like that sympathetic with them .
and their son started off his acting career with this truly awful attempt at 'tarantinism
this is a movie with no redeeming features whatsoever !
involved in this sorry mess of a movie .
the acting is so bad
the soundtrack features some very fun garage-punk tune and the raspy
although leste was considered perfect for the title role ,
i expect a lot of walking and bad script .
if you need a healthy dose of all the solid ,
unfortunately
to not get boring .
but this one as to be amongst the best ...
it was rather enjoyable.naturally i was very interested in seeing the film version .
which made it funny or charming or interesting.the original
it was fun .
if it had seriously had a great plot or went crazy enough
it might have been enjoyable.as it exists
let the tape roll and edit in all the pointless dreck within eyesight .
and has this thing about seeing even the worse merde through to the end .
avoid this film !
it is so badly written ,
while that might make this campy and fun ,
it does not because everything is so lifeless the film becomes dull .
this movie could go in the enyclopedia as the standard-issue bad lifetime tv movie .
carrey was perfect as the out of sort anchorman wannabe ,
my favorite scene was
this comedy will go down as one of this funnyman 's best .
do not even waste your time ,
the acting was awful ,
the plot was weak ,
unfortunately ,
it is too bad miss young was replaced
that are overcome through amazing writing .
craft wonderfully honet character ,
this may not be perfect from a technical standpoint ,
one word boring.the young demi looks good ,
a pale shadow of a great musical
who is stupidly kept out of the line in the movie ) .
than seeing this poorly-conceived film .
the perfectly stupid weapon .
was intented to mock jeff doing his form to dance music at the beginning of this stupid movie .
the plot is predictable ,
and she loved it just as much ,
it is the greatest love story ever told !
this is a bad one .
a good director would have had me mark this one as one of the great coming-out movie and not one of the miss .
all the actor give full blooded performance with conviction and realism.one message from the movie is the importance
10/10 .
this movie is great entertainment to watch with the wife or girlfriend .
a great excuse
and enjoy the wonderful and famous maslin beach with these wonderful nudist and their own personal story .
says more to me about what an incredible movie this is than a whole book on its beautiful eye candy .
it is beautiful ( every blade of grass
what they can do with technology is amazing
funny
the character development in such an ensemble cast is amazing ,
exactly what is going on mean subtlety
and assuming the audience is stupid ,
come up with a great idea ,
had what you thought was a great idea backfire ,
and your loved one ,
if you loved toy story
( the amount of detail and subtlety here is considerable ) ;
it is amazing
it is by far the number 1 worst movie i
and he fails with some .
this movie was so terrible
even with the terrible sound quality
poor cinematography
was enjoyable to watch
and could have been funny
without terrible singing and cheezy piano music .
.open house is a funny movie to watch
because it is awful !
( with excellent actor ) .
made me feel bad .
very outdated film with awful
clich\u00e9-ridden and mawkish dialog and a very poor construction .
the sound is horrible .
no subtle psychology
very cheap
simply because most of it is either ridiculous or boring .
surprisingly ,
it is bad
avoid it !
and what an amazing movie this one is .
the judge made the arrangement for the hit-man ,
i loved this movie ,
and the police at time are just as bad or worse as the hit-man .
not even with the very very incredible ending .
great movie
highly recommended .
it was a funny
this film is probably the worst film
it 1/10
it probably does not merit such a poor rating .
the serious illness of the daughter - to the frankly ridiculous - toilet continually flushing
and the film 's reputation as one of the director 's best - succubus is unfortunately is a truly awful film .
the longer european version is just as boring .
and it is all really boring .
and the sex is dull ,
and most of the runtime is taken up by boring dialogue
this would be a watchable hollywood mediocre
but with shining appearance of the detective who is the best actor in the film
if that is good or bad either
as usual a solid presence amid the mania
has a director come off so annoyingly
some a little amusing and some just totally stupid ,
it is fascinating to watch how bad this all goes ,
and it is really funny.jim carry play bruce nolan ,
this drive is what is slowly driving his beautiful girlfriend grace
carrey 's pitch-perfect acting stay in character
like a it is a wonderful life wannabe.jennifer aniston is great and ,
if you are a fan of boring
pecker is actually a funny film
judgment day ) was surprisingly good as pecker .
comes in with another great performance as pecker 's girlfriend .
it enjoyable.there are many funny scene ,
the best was when a crown gather screaming ,
and provides the only entertainment in this otherwise dull and derivative zombie flick .
( and i have seen some really bad dubbing in my life ,
it is just that funny.but ...
then avoid this at all cost .
ending leaf us mourning the death of both the monster and one of our beloved hick
that i waste watching film like this ?
\u0096 and features one of barbara stanwyck 's best early roles.she is supported by a fine cast
i found the latter stage somewhat disappointing \u0096
has the function
well i too had heard read all the eathless review and comment about how this movie might deserve the best picture oscar
what a major disappointment !
do not waste your time on hurt locker .
the man has some really great stuff !
earned by enduring 99 % stupidity .
it is an annoying series about annoying character in annoying situation ,
rounded out with annoying animation
but recognizing this and its other absurdist quality still fails to make dumbland worthwhile .
which is the best medicine !
left in a bad financial situation
brilliant !
the film is beautifully shot .
we loved the scene
highly recommended .
except that it is plain awful.tina louise and adam west are the reason
but their talent are wasted in this junk.i think
is very annoying and over-acting by some of the actors.a rip-off of the wild one starring marlon brando
taking on bad ass vampire
now onto the bad ,
so i can not blame him .
that was really stupid ,
it is the dumbest most unbelievable thing
and could very well put this mess behind them ,
both joe don baker and bo svenson did a great job ,
they were only trying to let us know what a wonderful man the real buford pusser was and what a great family he had .
this amazing martial art fighter does not use any of her fighting skill
with some great cinematography and some cool fight scene ,
can you say `` horrible rip-off of samara
just bury the poor zombie and save some life
1/10 !
the result is arguably the worst film in scorsese 's filmography ,
the actor drawing scorsese 's camera inexorably toward him like a moth to a bulb.5/10 \u0096 even as a generic b-movie ,
gives the film its only great scene .
to show off her terrible acting .
she is undoubtedly a beautiful woman
do not waste your time on this movie ...
terrible film made on a budget of about $ 9.99 .
poor acting and an awful storyline concerning alien
not even on a `` so bad it is good '' level .
1/10
it was just cheap and childish
that the modern movie-watching public totally lacks discrimination ,
i have read on the message board of disclaimer
this fun and fabulous film has the look
and feel of the era with an excellent soundtrack
who really enjoyed having her photo taken
( she may just have the most perfect east ever ) ,
i mean unfortunately
making a few poor film choice
you forgettable i
and fell in love with her old flame
received one of the worst critical reaction
the superb ensemble cast
the sharp sardonic dialogue gives the actor great fun
widmark portrays the weak future ruler of france in a frenzied
it is perfectly restrained to emphasize the rational intellectual atmosphere for this film .
there is no sense of a wasted movement anywhere in his mise-en-scene.it also marks the direction of preminger 's most mature
how the institution function
and as always he keeps thing unpredictable
this is one of his very best and most effective film .
wickedly funny
the blackest comedy i can recall.and very possibly the most wonderful thing
the movie is basically the story of a russian prostitute 's return to her home village for the funeral of a sister/friend .
the core of the movie is the funeral
another problem for western viewer is that subtitle do not include the song and lament of the crone .
an utterly beautiful film
and thinking what a beautiful world it suddenly was again.idealistic prince ahmad wants to slum it amongst his person for a while to check thing out ,
flying horse and carpet i also suspend disbelief in perfect special effect !
conrad veidt played the baddie in two of the most incredible movie romance ever
john justin and june duprez were great in the leading role of lover
both of them slightly and refreshingly stilted ,
but rest assured this is a glorious feelgood experience with a 100 % positive message ,
this is a great example of a good
the killer tomato.the script is heavily but not obnoxiously aware
and mark price has a funny forum
mutated by toxic waste slug
the flick is fun somewhat through
and is of the 'so bad
( which is quite possibly the funnest bad movie
and it is government is bad
and music of the movie are all bad.most
and do not watch this stupid boring movie .disaster .
it is an atypical thriller with a decent script.8/10
it does not look good for poor eddie
written and directed by steve franke i will be perfectly frank myself
serum is awful ,
which tries to rip-off other any number of other 's and ends up being slightly more fun
the script is terrible ,
but it is so boring it is untrue ,
the first forty minute is nothing more than a really dull soap opera
and generally boring the audience stiff .
the dialogue is poor ,
it is dull ,
it is forgettable
did i mention serum was boring ?
to be sorely disappointed ,
either and just look cheap throughout .
to save it.technically the film is not too bad ,
they were proper actor 's rather than friend or family of the director.serum is a terrible film ,
it is dull
boring
and feel like a horrible soap opera for the first forty minute .
and it never got boring .
you will not be disappointed .
8/10 .
and utterly disappointed ...
unrealistic and rather annoying .
that for the message board to debate.the sex scene i assume are supposed to be funny ,
but not in the `` i am thinking really hard to understand this '' way.when uma insult anna fari ,
and your self respect do not waste your time with this pathetic attempt at a movie .
hal hartley creates a surprising blend of film noir and hardboiled spy thriller
for just as the viewer begins to fall for the perfectly timed comedic element and wit of hartley 's illiant script ,
as these character magically become sympathetic before our eye .
combined with the amazing performance of a perfectly
this film was totally ridiculous with a flying suit
i liked most of bryan adam ' song and the han zimmer score was excellent .
the film is a lament to an america
that was once beautiful .
the message on apartheid and the `` tribute '' to the student
but as entertainment this was very poor and as a documentary style movie
it was worse.see for yourself ,
i was not disappointed at all .
it was great to see everyone back again ,
because the relationship between pembleton and bayliss was always the strongest part of an all-together great show .
and there were a couple of really great scene here too .
an enjoyable movie
but i must have enjoyed it
but i do remember bonejack being funnier though .
and it is not really laugh-out-loud funny .
beautifully done .
the music is also amazing .
gackt and hyde do a wonderful job of acting ,
great acting in a fair film .
extremely predictable
by which one can properly judge salma hayek in the 1990s.the production value on the film was a bit poor ,
the governmant influence on the medium have only gotten worse ,
which to my great surprise appears to have garnered some actual critical praise .
the audience not simply to suspend belief but to render itself willfully ignorant to an insulting degree.i
but is nevertheless superbly shot and performed .
to perhaps a 6.5.as for nomination for afi best film ,
thomas ian griffin is great in this as the lead character `` max '' a dea agent diane is the fbi agent ,
this is the perfect crime caper ,
where you have some great shot ,
great photography and music in this film ,
( best actor )
as well as best supporting actress for the actress playing his mother ; it also received oscar nomination for best picture
best director
and best adapted screenplay.as a retired clinical psychologist and family therapist ,
presents the greater truth
that were a great help in understanding christy 's speech
the performance by daniel day-lewis is one of the greatest ,
a bad memory ,
and with an enjoyable starring duo
nor was it funny after the turtle crawled out of frame.second
poor marketing i guess.if you see this at your movie rental store ,
because nothing is a great movie to watch .
which dealt with the topic in a greater than customary length
i have seen a lot worse .
( which i rate 10/10 across the board :
i was hugely disappointed .
blame it on the screen writing and directing .
its a true classic.xx maverick xx 10/10
this rated as one of the poorest movie i have seen -
and a poor one at that ... okay - a few criticism
and we see a flame-thrower
the acting is awful
that god-awful music
safe and/or dull
`` .independent does not mean that the camera work need to be horrible .
the composition was horrible .
the use of music was horrible .
strangely enough i watched little miss sunshine after this movie and the composition on that was superb - maybe
( who was funnier than the lead
( whose previous film was the excellent documentary lost in la mancha )
nor were the main character sympathetic .
a more unfavourable comparison would be the similarly disappointing velvet goldmine .
leon was fantastic as always
without neglecting to fill the show with lot of great music .
i felt a great joy ,
we can see here the best portuguese actore in this field .
it was fascinating .
who made the excellent performance as the autistic girl in `` the little devil '' by christophe ruggia
there is also a great cameo by ben vereen .
in what is probably his best performance to date .
he is a poor dirt farmer from the south ,
gooding is great ,
the best actor in movie history
gives a towering performance- his best dramatic work in year .
charlize theron gives another solid performance as deniro 's much younger wife .
and a few of the character are just one dimansionally bad
a wonderful film .
made within month of each other.my second favorite kim novak film
coming in as third.all three performance are great
being the best ,
perfect for this bit of comedy.after vertigo
i enjoyed `` hot shot '' and `` the naked gun '' and their many sequel ,
was bad ...
so it was a great anticipation
but the print i got was extremely bad ,
'' from show boat.it starts with a few laugh and poor anthony in a one scene role
the movie has fantastic montage sequence
and he fails to deliver the good .
the worse it becomes .
that part was just stupid .
had only it gone on like that one scene i would have loved this film .
but the good guy are horrible .
since our beloved pope of the vatican is portrayed as an oaf .
and found plausible and subtle ,
mediocre in short .
tiffany shepis is absolutely wonderful
not to mention incredibly beautiful .
also richard elfman does a great job as sheriff and as the drunk boyfriend .
this is definitely one of my very top favorite .
7/10
cheap promotional appearance by person from niche culture .
and recall what made movie enjoyable once upon a time ?
it has enjoyed over the past five year
is ridiculous .
`` brilliant idea
the character are poorly written and acted .
the joke are so bad ,
is supposed to be funny .
the character in this arc were so annoying and overbearing
plus the great taste of maya angelou .
in it we see the abusive fianc\u00e9 get manhandled by his longtime victim and all around bad actress .
i really enjoyed the detail
this book-based movie is truly awful
and a big disappointment .
that movie is really awful .
a refreshing take on the whole zombie schtick
( the other being the somewhat disappointing planet terror and the rather fun flight of the living dead ) ,
it is also the best .
to be watched in the future.8.5/10
excellent episode movie ala pulp fiction .
8/10 music rating :
10/10
it is predictable and clich\u00e9d .
where `` my girl '' provoked a genuine feeling of sadness and some genuinely funny moment ,
and fails miserably .
because of how great the first one was ,
but quite honestly it insults the quality of the original with the sort of drivel this installment serves up .
as being one of the worst sequel of all time .
which i personally loved.i think
which makes this one even more beautiful !
excellent warner bro effort starring errol flynn in one of his best screen performance .
it is often cited as his best ,
a great screen presence
and also a great actor .
warm and funny script
walsh directs the ring scene beautifully ,
great final scene between ward bord and flynn .
add to that great production value
and it is pretty much perfect entertainment .
one of the best musical ever made
beautifully acted and interesting from start to finish .
that are perfectly performed and orchestrated .
it certainly has more original and beautiful song than most musical ,
not bad for a director with no experience in this type of movie .
space coa is the funky tale of a smuggler and rogue
but what it lacks in modern sophistication
there are few if any reference to specific japanese culture and great for anime novice to watch and enjoy .
that i find truly funny .
the style is very sixties barbarellish with a fantastic soundtrack by yello .
and seems perfectly natural .
but fails painfully on all other front .
to find their slapstick humor even remotely funny .
the plot is predictable ,
it is mediocre and silly in part
who played a minor baddie in the first one returns here
( the highly enjoyable `` magnum force '' )
the perfect answer to the conflict
that excellent movie was a relatively light-hearted suspenseful
but surprisingly
the movie is plain bad .
simply awful .
the string of bad movie from bollywood has no end !
for making such awful movie
to deliver great performance ...
but they were directed so poorly .
the poor script did not help either.this movie has plenty of ridiculous moment and very bad editing in the first half .
person would stop messing about with classic
that the ralph fienne version is much worse
though as the casting of juliette ioche as kathy has got to be the worst casting decision
worse than the old quincy .
deepak verma does a great turn as hindley
and is in fact one of britain wasted talent .
the part of heath was played with great charm and belief and i think
son de mar is beautiful to see ,
in great anger
beautiful maiden singing seductively to far-off sailor ,
at least in my eye.watling is a beautiful and magnetic young actor ,
this film is great to look at .
good choice.i would forgotten how much i loved this movie
but still perfect as rochester .
the two lead play off each other beautifully .
this is the most perfect adaptation of the best romance novel ever .
sooraj badjatya ,
that badjatyas have left johar and chopra behind.there was not a single moment during the movie
shahid kapoor looks fat and shahrukhed ,
bad costume
cheap soundtracks.now the spoiler ,
this is possibly the worst of all the columbo movie .
andrew steven ' acting is poor as the villain ,
and the plot is weak .
would not just be a solid movie .
almost everything in this movie is great ,
the costume are really amazing
and the setting are also beautifully shot.the only thing
that she is a great actress
rupert friend is almost bland as prince albert
but he has great chemistry with emily blunt .
paul bettany is also solid as lord melbourne
but are forgettable.to me the film feel like unfinished .
it is a great movie about the early year of victoria with a great performance from emily blunt .
and it has a message
and to get its message across
but is hammering its message in his head .
this movie is not funny .
the joke are horrible and unimaginative ,
( oh how funny ,
to find any of this stuff funny .
poorly done mockmuntary are so painful to watch ,
but obviously extremely cheap
with lot of cool and funky image from all over jakarta .
and have searched for it ever since in my opinion although very raw it is very educational as to what the future can hold i enjoyed the movie and to this this day rate it very high sorry to all those
and in my opinion its great give it a go with all the cloning and test tube baby
and consider it a kind of a gem .
this movie has received a lot of bad press from person
but funny and bad in a good way .
`` house of the dead '' fails to be `` good bad .
hotd lacks any believability.worse still
there are frequent and numerous example of bad acting ,
leaving the movie with no redeeming quality .
avoid ...
and can possess the body of the weak .
he is merely murdering the weak host of some other poor soul
he possesses.pure occult rubbish..stupid from the gate to the finish line .
it was so incredibly funny for everyone
it was so great ! liz
horrible camera work ... count the time
the dialog is ridiculous .
if you ever want to host a `` worst movie party '' ,
avoid at all cost .
she is not bad in this ,
that is as tedious as a dripping faucet ,
one of the most amazing show ever produced ,
mostly consists of action and fun ,
the subtlety are truly out of this world
how bad this movie was .
the acting was horrid - not just bad ,
and almost every director draws forth outstanding performance from a cast of great and near-great actors.there were so many powerful portrayal in this film
that it is hard to pick one or two favorite .
so we can catch some of the subtle point
paris is photographed so beautifully
this is a badly made
poor remake of bimalda 's classic parineeta .
sounds cheap and morbid
similarly the sex scene between saif and balan is quite unbecoming the movie and a cheap gimmick
`` hmmmmm ... that is so stupid ! ''
but that is what makes it funny .
and then find other really terrible .
and i have seen some pretty bad movie .
but it is absolutely horrible .
i have never seen a worse movie .
i am watching one of the greatest actor of the last thirty year .
the script was horrible ,
but pacino 's demotivated performance and obvious fake accent made it even worse .
donald sutherland 's role was laughable .
nobody speak much in this movie.one of the most laughable premise in the movie is how al pacino and kinski have this uncanny knack
funny to see you here again ,
( seen best in chapter 18 ) ,
( seen best in chapter 18 ) ,
`` bill and ted 's excellent adventure ''
everything else is perfect .
i never get tired of seeing deedee mess up his pizza line or joey mess up the name of the teacher over and over
one of the best part of the film is seeing
great film ,
who have some bad drug
that sell more of the bad drug to person .
this movie is pretty bad
are the worst movie
brilliant use of overstated technicolor illustrates the optimistic extreme of present day christmas ceremoney .
although he was subtle ,
highly recommended !
that is rarely captured on film ,
but no the less excellent .
as i am concerned and for the comment by kevnjeff about mr. paxton bad acting ,
great flick
and unfortunately pepto-bismol is what you will need after viewing the more recent episode ,
where all the sweetness has been replaced by insult and violence
has devolved into an abusive unfunny cretin
and poor wanda ... a real charmer
plus cosmo 's stupidity causes pain to everyone else
( my dvd copy is somewhat poor )
i enjoyed it
'' one of the lesser-celeated film of the great elia kazan .
his weak yes man
sciamma can highlight subtle shift in the delicate equation of the three girl ' goal and interaction .
and lets the trio sometime forget their ever-present goal and avoidance
pointless girl thing .
too bad in a way
there is no great revelation or drama on the way ,
paint by number story and mediocre acting
that are really wonderful
the main family experiences.unfortunately this germ of a good movie is imprisoned in an aimless and extremely convoluted plot
every plot point is predictable
that one of the character is involved in a horrible crime
( in a totally predictable `` twist '' )
to take a big swipe at the establishment..to make fun of it and the hippie at the same time .
some skit are still dead funny .
father knows best
when the hippie eat the weed is still one of the best segue in and out of sanity i have ever seen on film.if
when thinking back to his college day..this would be the perfect film to watch.take
thank to this fungal film i do not want my maypo ,
that it is fun to watch the way
finding the perfect gift ,
totally ridiculous .
like bad porn actor .
i can not think of a more useless waste of money
than this man shelling out for this pointless production .
their subtle performance are easily among the film 's highlight .
that pepper the movie like pointless pepper .
the 3rd worst movie of all time
( # 1 worst ) ,
( # 2 worst ) ,
they are all close and all terrible !
nothing of this movie is funny
do not waste your money .
is giving to your worst enemy .
it is that awful .
that claims to hire the best candidate
actually `` weed '' out the best
while the dysfunctional candidate stab each other until one is left
and that person is the best .
it is just amazing as one candidate audrey evan said
too bad for him
( the forever bland erika eleniak )
basically a decent rainy day movie.favorite line ,
its pretty bad
if the poor animal had a choice ,
much beloved - indeed
when the original was loved and enjoyed by kid and adult alike !
when mother nature or technology went horrible wrong
many japanese attribute their fascination with humanoid robot to the old astroboy cartoon.but this movie was a poor re-image of the original .
there were funny sound effect
he caught it perfectly .
the film is hugely enjoyable with a great cast
and excellent direction by jame eve .
and everyone is perfectly cast .
the movie works at a great speed and the character take you on a terrific adventure ,
but what makes it work is that the film does not take itself too seriously with plenty of tongue in cheek action.great !
and so the great rewriting of history continues hollywood style.this was senseless ridiculous rubbish.it shock me
that such an amazing amount of money can be spent
poorly acted inaccurate film i have ever seen .
that leaving las vegas was a glitch in an otherwise litany of dreadful films.diane kruger proves
she really can not act.harvey keitel should be ashamed of himself for working on such tripe.only recommended for those
the wonderfully urbane ronald coleman is show-cased here as in few other of his film .
the movie is based on a french play and ings all the best quality of that farce .
and are absolutely perfect for this very funny film .
the fantastic mr. coleman is a combination of sean connery and clark gable
the best of the actor were the two lead \u0096 cole and catherine e. johnson as cassie
and the result is the best part of the film \u0096 subtle ,
( cole does his best work of the film )
and partly because i have enjoyed so many other film of this ilk .
this is one to avoid .
there are dozen of badly cut scene
the really badly animated clay toy are too painful to watch .
that are instantly forgettable.as many have commented ,
are shoddy this way unfortunately .
they have ... er ... perfected ,
8/10 star .
that so much talent can be wasted in one movie !
and manages to build up some great expectation for the ending .
the movie turns into one of the worst story i
have ever wasted my time on .
the gingeread man is probably the worst grisham-movie ever
do not waste your time here !
so it gets 3. not for being so badly done
it is where he created his best works
the vision of judgement etc .
it only gets *worse*
( who is rather perfectly cast ) .
that does not mean that at other time he might not have completely enjoyed life.anyway ,
and my sister and i loved it .
no bad language ,
just lot of great song and important lesson .
this movie really funny
direction is really the weakest link .
the movie is absolutely perfect in describing professional idge player
some of the scene are very funny .
some of the dress are really beautiful ,
loved
utterly fails to ing anything to the role beyond a willingness
which consists primarily of a number of lovingly re-enacted bandd set-piece sandwiched between horrendously awful faux-biographical scene delineating ms. page 's fall from grace
that trades on the allure of one of the greatest pin-up of all time ,
no true bettie page fan will find it to be anything but a disappointment
i guarantee that.avoid at all cost .
that you will be sorry you wasted time with this one .
although the scene design and photographic direction was excellent ,
the performance were excellent ,
they enjoyed 1 1/2 hour of this is
word can not begin to describe how blandly terrible this movie is .
it were `` so bad it is good
it is just dull
and boring .
it is so bad i could not even laugh at it.in response to other poster ,
is he really that bad a director ?
everyone else has summed the story up perfectly -
this is a home movie best left
this clever script leads and dances the viewer between heaven and earth with the skill of a mountain goat and a present a charming ease rarely matched in cinema since .
too bad knightly ins't as good looking as jeremy northam .
bernard hepton was perfect as emmas father .
she is wonderful .
that when the uk does a jane austen its the best .
that is quite entertaining.the acting is pretty bad ,
the plot is predictable ,
very similar to the enveloping forest of jeff leiberman 's fantastic `` just before dawn '' .7/10.it is great to see daphne zuniga of `` the initiation '' fame run over few time by a car .
the show had great episode ,
it is not a terrible episode ,
it may not be the greatest movie of all time ,
is a single one of them bad ?
is a single one of them worth a score of 1/10 ?
it can not be bad .
10/10.p.s .
spiderman was a fun movie ,
i am a big fan of fan of film noir ,
and this film by otto preminger easily stands as one of the best
and preminger excellently balances several plot point ;
that the plot is given an excellent base
and the lead duo 's chemistry is excellent and tierney helps to complete every scene
but this film certainly fits into the film noir formula better than preminger 's earlier film .
highly recommended to all !
that gives you a bad gift ,
but trips up with a bad execution .
it is not nearly as well handled here than in those two superior film.melissa sagemiller star as cassie ,
soul survivor has the look of a bad been-there
unfortunately rather unsuccessfully .
messy and incoherent near key point of the mystery
( predictable
too bad he is created a derivative psychological thriller .
sagemiller also deserves kudo for showing strength in the central performance ,
it is great the filmmaker try something different ,
but the film ends up a mixed bag and failed experiment.4/10
i could go on about how stupid this movie is forever though the one thing
is that it was ripped off from one of the best martial art movie of all time fistsof fury
the rest of the movie is absolutely ridiculous and a waste of tape .
because a movie like that could not possibly have been shot on film.i now feel more stupid for wasting 30 minute of my life
very stupid slasher movie.we got your stereotypical teenager in a house thing going .
( that guy was my favorite part of the movie ) )
i swear this is the stupidest slasher movie
was just awful .
the writing was bad ,
acting was bad ,
special effect were bad .
i have watched several bad horror movie .
not matter how awful they may be .
stupid move )
to find awful movie
it is that bad .
horrible running gag
lame acting .
the main character are an annoying dinosaur klutz and whoopi goldberg .
and the audio quality is bad here and there
and really started to enjoy ourselves.it is very funny ,
if you appreciate great dialog .
are reunited with a lot of the great craftsman
one of the best dancer of 40s/50s cinema ,
lerner and minnelli had already demonstrated their sanguine collaborative juice on the excellent `` american in paris .
why is the movie itself such a stupid bore ?
the premise itself is ridiculous and almost insultingly patronizing ,
if the player were perfect .
if the best part of a big budget extravaganza with all the best talent of mgm is a tossed-off van johnson performance .
8/10 .
and superbly by laurence olivier.this documentary series defines the genre .
the best part of the series is listening to the veteran tell their story ;
it was done wonderfully ,
the cinematography is beautiful ,
the song selection was perfect
-- it only contained the song i actually wanted to hear and cut in with documentary footage during the weaker new song .
i loved
.the shot of the crowd were amazing
that lennon 's murder was horrible ,
but they are so undefined i did not realise.the funny accented guy with a ridiculous name
only for far longer and far far worse .
until it becomes convoluted and stupid .
what happens to a toad ... '' line in x-man in level of utter bland baddness .
pathetic cliche and monica bellucci
that can not be bad .
so the chase is not bad .
it is never boring
it gets worse.the final climax to the movie is quite probably the worst imaginable .
to make it worse ,
was bad about the oracle and the foreign guy ?
the very worst thing about the original matrix was neo dying
by how stupid jar jar was they did not notice
how can the whole world have missed how utterly terrible
only so much worse i think
before i got to worse.and the cliffhanger
this film is just bad .
i really did not want it to be bad ,
bad in just so many way .
and to make matter worse ,
and that is what makes this so awful .
the worst film ever made ?
the most disappointing and defalting film ever made.undeniably .
not to mention kung-fu.it also possessed the greatest soundtrack in film history
this movie was awful .
it is funny
that it is funny
everyone in the movie did a horrible acting job .
it was some of the worst acting i have ever paid to see .
which was yet another disappointment .
it was stupid to show it in the first place
because they were just trying to make us feel worse for the vulnerable mother than the rest of the soldier ,
and it was even more stupid to keep trying to make us feel even worse for her
and is a bit too linear and predictable to be considered a classic .
the acting by a small cast is pretty good.and all through the house is not the best tale from the crypt
i found nancy drew quite enjoyable - featuring cameos from bruce willis and adam goldberg
because i thoroughly enjoyed the movie ,
as incredible
gojoe is an anime- and hong kong-inspired samurai action flick with a pacifistic message .
( a great acting job
it is visual imagery is stunningly crafted and beautiful ,
for a film with such an anti-violent message gojoe wastes way too much energy and screen time
stopping far short of any strident message of gloom and doom ,
we are treated to some excellent footage of animal in their habitat
without feeling too bad about ourselves.the star of the show are a herd of elephant
to see them on the big screen.one of the disappointment i
was that otherwise terrific shot of great white shark taking seal were filmed in slow motion .
their incredible speed .
of slowing down the film to convey great quickness i
to make it a solid choice for nature buff .
it is a solid film in its own right .
`` beirut ... he is the best damn baseball player
but it has a great time getting there .
the training scene are very funny
but the best scene may be the one
while attempting a make-up dinner with their wives.william and russell seem to have a lot of fun with this one
and it is too bad
is `` the great caruso '' in this 1951 film also starring ann blyth
and the music is glorious and beautifully
he sings the music in `` the great caruso '' with a robust energy ;
2007 comedy i enjoyed :
superbad
who enjoyed this
it would at least be funny .
but this was so awful ,
that i have felt compelled to rate 1/10 .
it was almost a perfect piece of edgy entertainment
i really enjoyed the reunion a lot !
which was worth the wasted 2 hour .
with two great actor michael caine and laurence olivier .
and it is a fantastic play.during
the photography was not bad ,
but the lightening was awful .
michael caine 's and jude law 's perform at their best .
the weakest part was the mid part .
is not awful ,
with no wasted time or pause for thing like `` thought '' or `` introspection '' .
but it is an ok time-waster .
it is a terrible shame
it has become so bad
that `` villa paranoia '' would be a terrible film under any circumstance .
of having wasted time and money .
i particularly enjoyed `` de frigjorte ''
as an actor he is usually funny ,
it is much worse
and bad camera work .
is no worse than several of the heralded actor in the cast.i give this a 2-out-of-10 rating .
( at best )
( at worst ) .
i found this film to be an awful mix of `` real '' science and pseudoscientific
but her discourse on the `` consciousness '' of cell was one of the best example
that has a predictable meaning to most person
that the master himself described so well in his superb essay `` politic and the english language . ''
his financial advice has been so incredibly bad for his follower ?
i am the creator of `` good '' and `` bad '' advice ,
what a mess .
where you can see the bad guy of the film .
because he is the best
funny ?
it is just too funny to tell )
that this movie is a waste of time.so do not watch it .
mary astor is refreshing as the put-upon niece
which is also fun .
and coming.the caf\u00e9 scene work best with the hand-held cam
i voted the episode awful
this is a great movie for all age .
the trek home is all beautiful with all the wonderful wildlife scene .
and are great actors/actress themselves .
everything about this movie is great !
10/10 the whole way !
i just wasted 83 minute of my life
watching the worst horror movie
the acting was just god awful
i mean realllyyyy bad ,
the dialog was worse ,
can not think of anything horrible enough to say .
this is the worst movie
and always found amazing the way
drama and great cinema in his movie .
great art .
of viewing this beautiful film last night ,
with the wonderful addition of a question and answer session with the director following the viewing .
talk to your loved one
i loved the message
there are two funny part in the whole movie .
so i will be nice.3/10
mean wow this has got to be one of the best story 's i
it be for messing up their life early on somehow or for `` stealling '' their loved one .
and speaking of loved one ,
and that just from the first few chapters/episode of the series.the story itself is amazing .
but when worst comes to worst
the worst pervert to ever live .
the worst dad ever from an anime ?
probably one of ranma 's greatest rival and my favorite character
but his worst fault ... is his lack of sense in direction !
10/10 !
could have made for a really funny
it out.a total waste of time .
when the group left the `` boring '' seaside town
i left it with a strong feeling of wasted time
and of being thoroughly stuffed with `` killing whale is bad '' propaganda .
where `` good '' and `` bad '' are not deduced in the course of action
how surprising.2/10 .
this is perfect eak for him
as to make fun of the bond icon .
`` i am a mess
its great to see brosnan play a character
his first movie 'house of game ' was the one i liked best ,
is pathetic .
unfortunately
ending is particularly lame .
good actor wasted and the original television series has all but ruined here .
`` live feed '' is like an asian version of 1976 's `` the incredible torture show ''
pathetic acting ,
the film is absolutely awful
it would be an insult to your hard drive .
( who appears strangely funny somehow )
michael moore next movie could be called `` a funny thing
happened on spetember 11th '' or `` a funny thing
one of my favorite and one of the cutest actor ever .
twisted desire is my second favorite movie .
this is a movie about joseph smith and a great one at that .
jeff view and opinion differ greatly from joseph smith and the ld church
jeff thumbs his nose at government and flee at all time.i loved this movie
what is important is our message
this was a really great show .
( the best in my opinion )
stars the wonderful peter cushing as philip grayson
than meets the eye.story three stars one of my very favorite ... christopher lee ,
this is an excellent but hard
from the psychedelic graphic of the introductory credit and the great score
jone was a perfect spirit .
more person will be able to see this rare gem of spirit history .
such as the great alain delon version of the 1970s
( although all copy i ever saw were badly edited ) .
shows the best and worst value of africa ,
the beautiful african-american wife of the english doctor david linderby
in an excellent scene with supernatural overtone ,
where the two man haggle is one of the best in the film.at the slave market ,
he set himself completed.the overall plot of the film is excellent
and it is great to see a 19 year old ben affleck
and won best actor at the venice festival in 2006.this movie can be appreciated by person of all age .
which makes it a perfect subject for a horror movie
in this one.5/10 .
this film was done in really poor taste .
the script was really bad .
as the great white savior of the world please tell me
how poorly this movie was done
this is one irresistible great cheerful- and technically greatly made movie !
the movie features some of the greatest looking
the entire set would obviously move.the best moment of the movie were the silent
the overall humor is really great in this movie .
also of course the musical moment were more than great .
this is a really enjoyable light and simple pleasant early french musical .
that does not mean that the movie is not filled with some great humorous dialog ,
is a technical really great movie ,
with also some great innovation camera-work in it and some really great editing ,
that create some fast going and pleasant to watch enjoyable sequence .
there is never a dull moment in this movie !
is especially unforgettably fun ,
as well as most creative moment in early comedy film-making.the movie is filled with some really enjoyable character ,
you will ever see ! 8/10
this horrendously bad piece of trash manage to be racist
and boring direction make this movie one to steer clear of .
is to have had carl gottlieb and steve martin revive the nation 's favorite poor black family.and `` dcreasy2001 ''
( though they are beginning to seem a little tired after the many mediocre dark city / memento / fight club clone of recent year ) .
but the film is undone by poor characterization
and a laughably bad ending.the main problem i had was
that just seemed like a boring
but fails at inspiring any sympathy for him .
as personality.one of the biggest disappointment of this movie is the ending .
the last few scene suddenly and terribly devolve into the worst kind of hollywood pap
the revealing of the film 's mcguffin at the end is poorly done ,
before some of the film 's main plot thread were resolved.the movie 's not all bad
not too long ago.what a disaster .the acting was atrocious.there were some absolutely pathetic action scene
a bad editing fades a little more the film with this bad habit from rapp
who recognizes great film
cat in the hat is the worst movie i have ever seen
that he is really annoying ) .
the silly songs the cat sing were boring and monotonous
and viewer must suffer through poor dialogue .
not funny
( i remember some awful comment about a garden hoe
do not waste your time .
see a good movie ! 1/10 star
the plot twist and turn and poor old morgan ends up
.director natali handle proceedings confidently and certainly has a great ability
is fantastic\u0097his portrayal of the initially somewhat nervous morgan is played to perfection.cypher is another fascinating movie from a director
terrible
terrible .
the movie 's animation is very poor quality .
for being the worst film of all time .
it really was that bad .
that obviously goes to great effort and length to faithfully recreate h. g. well ' classic book .
predictable hollywood fare
we enjoyed the effort
was perfectly acceptable and sometimes very good .
the united kingdom and australia produce the best movie and tv show for child ,
that continuity and great acting are important to younger person .
your old favorite as well as later non-favorite.there was always a tug-of-war pitting quality-conscious executive producer barry levinson
that demeaned it.unfortunately for this movie
of carrying the whole mess on one of the weaker cast member.briefly ,
unfortunately
while time wasted on jon seda and michael michelle could be better spent on commercial .
the best show on the air and one of the best television production ever.it is fun to watch top pro do their stuff ;
this had to be one of the worst film ever .
another bad scene was
andie 's acting is so bad in this film - i could not connect with them or feel
this starts off bad ,
who tells the best 'man ' story ,
and then it gets worse -=- spoiler alert =-= what with andie 's character falling for the young organ player
in a pathetic attempt to symbolize growth .
with excellent comedic acting ,
but makes fun of the soviet mentality through and through .
all this deep philosophical commentary is wrapped in a funny and entertaining package ! jur
their voyage was heroic to say the least.please reply to this message
not that sap at sea is a bad film -
but that actually is not a bad point for it .
after beating up the poor professor ,
that it is a bad case of `` horniphobia '' ,
unfortunately the goat gnaws the rope until it eaks and the ship sails off .
also unfortunately
and they all make a funny film -
who realizes what a stupid comment
and a good conclusion to the best year of their film career
unfortunately they never found any subsequent film relationhip with a producer
which many of the reviewer here seemed to hate - gives another great message :
that so many `` critic '' here would rather have immoral message ,
and stanwyck has some great line
two great comedian in a great neil simon movie
based on his hit play.great combination ,
he is as sharp and as funny as ever .
i especially enjoyed the `` knock
( stunning set and beautifully photographed )
but they succeed wonderfully !
and add one of the most subtle underpinning of many genre clich\u00e9 and the actor ' own typecasting
sadly
7/10
all of her movie are great .
rubyin paradise is one of her best .
it is one of ashley 's best .
this is in many way a technically poorly made film .
-- with some dialog and sound effect very poorly slapped over top the film .
with excellent camera work
it is by no means a crumby waste of time.though
this short-ead of a film should be enjoyed as an appetizer for the title reference and the viewer should relax and roll with it .
there is an underlying message in this movie
brad pitt handles the role of an annoying
obnoxious austrian climber quite well .
fails to draw in this audience.beautiful scenery and cinematography
beautifully shot -
and perhaps you will not be as disappointed
this is a wonderfully spooky film .
he did a great job
you will not be disappointed .
great pitch right ?
usually ridiculous in sci-fi movie
however the time transport sequence itself is trippy as hell and quite beautiful ,
is probably one of the best of its kind in 70 's action/war movie .
grenade and tank.this mish-mash of style is with one foot firmly rooted in the sprawling jidai-geki epic of kurosawa 's kagemusha or hiroshi inagaki 's samurai banner ,
( like the wonderful slow-motion shot and bloody violence )
it is just that it does not try to pander to so-bad-it is-good audience
the song themselves are pretty lame and corny and detract from the whole thing .
a badly executed portrait
actress peggy webber scream rather well.unfortunately
the script is dreadful and the movie
add to this a truly terrible print quality
they are fun to watch .
that i found it a complete and awful bore .
although it was funny in some place ,
to talk about and the acting in some place was dreadful and wooden
the redeeming feature of this film
this is one of the best jodie foster movie out there
it has wonderful performance
by no means is this movie as bad as 'perfect stranger ' ,
but it just was not funny .
although there were some pretty funny slapstick moment
no one was very particularly funny or outstanding in any way .
'schindler 's list ' was funnier
in her worst choice of role .
and poor ian mcshane
the story drags and is completely predictable up to and including the end
i would be in for the best movie watching experience of my life .
the film adaptation of jame joyce 's ulyss is excellent .
the milo o'shea does an excellent job as leopold bloom
the great talent of michael powell and emeric pressberger are noticeable in their wonderful `` a matter of life and death '' .
shows us one of the best british film from that
has to be one of the most amazing thing on any film.much
so our comment will be about the great acting powell
he was an excellent film actor
kim hunter is surprisingly good as june
peter and june fall in love at first sight.some of the best british film actor grace this film with their presence .
an excellent star turn by marius goring ,
is one of the best thing in the movie .
does one of the best appearance of his career
'the art of seduction ' is insulting - insulting to its character
insulting to man and woman
and insulting to its audience ' expectation .
it takes the awful beautiful person
and i was amazed at how much i enjoyed the vehicle end to end .
brisson and carlisle are relatively bland ,
the great victor mclaglen and jack oakie play well off each other
with an excellent sense of timing
( blood dripping on one chorine 's white skin was wonderfully chilling ) ;
'' with duke ellington 's orchestra and a bevy of beautiful dancer
detective philo vance 's power of observation seem greater than all the oriental sleuth of the era combined
as i had previously loved both lock
i would be very disappointed .
as great as guy ritchie has just done with this movie .
played as an inspector-turned-alcoholic character.the role conveyed the message of the end result of a honest cop
which ultimately won him the best
this is easily the worst movie i
if this was made recently i am sure the directing at least will not be too bad :
great way
great idea !
`` perhaps my favorite inconsistency in this movie is the way
my point is that this goes on the bottom of my top 5 worst movie of all time list ,
and it is rare that a movie ever reaches that point .
that happens to be nothing more than boring
but i certainly enjoyed the movie .
but we got a great laugh out of it .
this version of bleak house is the best adaptation of a classic novel
and the cinematography is superb .
this film really got off to a great start .
that someone was finally making a beautiful film for its own sake
then mess it up halfway through
yes i have a copy of it on vhs uncut in great condition
remind me of favorite score by maurice jarre
there are subtle nuance of strain and note from the string
( 1996 academy award 's best foreign language film from the netherland )
it was pretty bad .
not star war prequel trilogy bad ,
but bad nonetheless.i am not sure what the running time was ,
and extremely fun to watch .
annoying as all hell !
absolutely perfect for those role .
not saying they were horrible ,
perfect to watch around christmas and ings a wonderful christmas feeling
its a crappy sequel rip-off with more unrealistic trap and a stupid new main character kid
monarch cove was one of the best written
this show had great potential
this could be developed into a great primetime soap .
i absolutely loved this show
loved it .
a somewhat dull made for tv movie
that is the worst part about this movie is ,
but that is a small silver lining in an otherwise disappointing movie .
that i give this show a 9/10
my favorite part of this show was the scene
it is a rare show in that i liked every character
was not nearly as funny ) .
nor did kelso 's stupidity .
of what is at time fun ,
ridiculously anti-drug official does hammer some point down hard- with even in such an overview of the drug culture and america 's connection as a whole-
.is it with the great interest and depth of a ken burns documentary ?
who can reflect some decade later about the great peak
( for better or obvious worse )
for enough of a fascinating view .
how person deal with the worst kind of life each in their own way
a wonderful
bad synthesizer piping
and a lousy one .
of where the best part of koya were shot
was pretty disappointed ,
this movie was really bad .
while sleepwalker was bad ,
it was a beautiful kind of bad .
their one weakness is cat ,
because tanya is one of the dumbest female lead in horror movie .
it is just so deliciously bad
that i could just enjoy making fun of .
bad casting
that is a lot of cat '' .4/10
and directed and starred in the greatest movie of all time
even if the movie was not particularly predictable ,
just avoid it.also starring pamela franklin and michael ontkean .
great film .
and i mean nothing lives up to the greatest christmas movie of all ,
santa claus.the film is so great
and has so many message
and then we wonder ... what is so bad about this ice cream ?
movie makes you think.this movie has the best rendition of santa claus ever .
this movie is bad is an ignorant fool .
i loved this flick
ron leibman was hot and very funny !
that this little gem will always be a treasure of mine and a movie
it is military humor at it is best and worse !
so far this incomprehensible mess has no real story .
and a bunch of bad actor
some really bad c.g.i.
some incredibly stupid dialog
more bad c.g.i. ,
bad screenplay
poor photography and direction ...
all in all very obviously an ill-conceived first effort at commercial film-making by the good person at tbn.tbn picture has had great success in the past
and who loved `` china cry '' ,
do not waste your money ... go rent
`` succubus '' is not his best work
full of great atmosphere .
( 7/10 )
palme is poorly defined .
but we simply could not take the terrible quality of this movie.on the ight side ,
the animation is incredible
is beautifully photographed and powerfully acted .
you are not likely to forget.the film only weak point is the rather clich\u00e9d 'flower power ' teacher
is very steep and in a poor state .
gave wonderful performances.i am not at all sure
to sum up ... ..the play has a wonderful atmosphere throughout
with great character .
and i loved it .
before she would go on to win an oscar for beautiful mind
cuter and softer version of the pretty in pink 's and some kind of wonderful 's of the 1980 's ,
surprisingly so honest ,
that what comes through best in their performance
it is a great film
that was fun ,
and unfortunately it seems to have permeated into child film as well .
but flying reindeer is a fantastic and wholly unrealistic concept .
which insults the intelligence
how bad they can get .
it is refreshing to have a show
each of us have a favorite chef and favorite judge .
who the winner will be.it is a great hour of entertainment
best of all in our hussle
who finds `` according to jim '' great television comedy ,
who loved the first movie .
because i love bad movie and i love michael madsen .
jeff lowell has written and directed 'over her dead body ' poorly .
eva looks great as ever
jason biggs is wasted ,
sadly
what movie should be : fun and entertaining .
the music in this movie suited jack wild and mama cass beautifully .
that jack had now makes this movie even more wonderful especially
it makes me pause in loving adoration for him for giving me wonderful childhood memory
where there is friendship and fun !
funny fantasy ?
( and even the cartoon color are a disappointment ) .
there is nothing remotely funny
and one of the very worst `` big '' movie ever made .
jane eyre has always been my favorite novel !
this is the best and most complete version of the book on film !
timothy dalton is amazing as rochester .
i would avoid this film
sadly
for a start the special effect are really bad
it might look ok but in 2003 there is just no excuse for visual as poor as this .
that the dvd cover claims very proudly 'from the special effect creator of jeeper creepers'.secondly the direction is weak ,
it simply is not.all in all this is a pretty poor film ,
it is still probably best left alone.a rather sad 4/10
that the performance are slightly weak at time ;
he was incredible !
but he too was incredible .
( and i rarely use that word ) .
every shot is planned to understated perfection .
the set is some of the most amazing lighting work i
this movie is at the top of the list for best cinematography with lotr
who fails
that unfolds into a beautiful bond between two person
the music is some of the most beautiful
10/10 one of the most moving and beautiful movie i have ever seen .
before he made enough of his great and of comedy ,
excellent supporting performance by eugene levy ,
perhaps his best work ever as the hot-headed sal dipasquale .
it is poorly researched .
in spite of the great future-design touch
maverick cop has his badge revoked by hardass lieutenant ,
but the 'crowd ' scene look more like bad disney -the cgi is overdone again and again .
when stupid question like that start to bother you before the climax .
it could have been great ,
mainly due to the utterly predictable plot
it is a great western with excellent acting and a great story .
the dvd is in beautifull black and white with outstanding cinematography .
this story is weak ,
my criticism is focused on the poor execution of the story ,
and is horrible in the music/score department .
you will react to 1200f degree flame
( no matter how bad your acting ) .
i had great satisfaction
this is just a great
fun
and tells a beautiful love story of two sister with two sailor .
this movie features great acting
beautiful song and dance number
and great design work and film shot .
there are funny moment ,
its amazing how though this movie may be set in a certain decade ,
if you want to see something great
this film was amazing .
by making all his best
a wonderful amusement for certain ain-washed and/or ain-washing western
one of the real best of the soviet era .
be they good or bad ...
so great.and what makes it better
than great is the story behind the movie .
little italian number of zombie flicks.so awful ,
it is wonderful !
love it.as a great trivia note :
i loved this movie .
romantic comedy tend to be shallow and not as funny
great script
the revolt of the zombie is not the worst movie i have ever seen ,
a love triangle complicates the story some.this really was a tedious movie
with horrible acting
that are worse ,
it is bad ,
and not in a so-bad-that-it-is-good kind of way .
titanic has to be one of my all-time favorite movie .
it is enjoyable.when i stumble across someone
but is not it enjoyable and moving ?
does not everyone enjoy watching a beautiful story
dicaprio and winslet are terrible actor .
that they are terrible actor .
who unfortunately are very famous for a movie
that they are not amazing in .
is a bad movie
best cinematography ,
which i find to be the best i
maybe the lord of the ring trilogy.i know some of the writing fails ,
the flashback portion of the story can be quite weak at time ,
but overall it is an amazing achievement
but for the most part it boils down to them disliking the fundamental idea ,
the movie in and of itself is poorly constructed.i can tell you
where they hit it.i give this movie 10/10 ,
humor and pathos are all wonderful !
the scene was compelling and beautifully crafted .
there are of course many great romantic comedy
the outfit where wonderful and any person
italian but badly dubbed into english.highly recommended .
and there is no plot and no redeeming value
that sounds great
1/10
john mcintire is excellent as the law of skagway with due respect for the trapping of justice over the reality of it .
only flaw in the film is that kate capshaw is extremely annoying as the `` i am right
and i loved all of them .
one spoiled beautiful daughter and two son as different as day and night .
the show was great
not a bad thing ,
this movie is about a dysfunctinal family
but not just any dysfunctional family .
this is a beautifully done film .
has portrayed gandhi wonderfully .
and was stunned at how bad it was ,
it featured bad acting ,
bad directing ,
sitting around making an on-purposely-bad movie
and took this idea in fascinating direction .
cypher is a fascinating exploration of one man 's place in the world ,
it is so refreshing in this day and age
one of the blandest person
they are unbelievably boring .
to do so would cheapen the impact the rest of the film has on us
that is so much fun to follow.as with cube ,
one of the great thing about cypher is the way
and launching morgan on an amazing journey through the labyrinth of his own identity.natali 's direction is exceptional
there are some amazing camera angle from above
as a modern day film-noir.the acting is uniformly excellent throughout .
jeremy northam is a sympathetic figure from his loveless marriage
his performance is excellent
his scene is one of the best
and it is a fantastic piece of writing ,
it is a perfect final momant
and it comes as a refreshing antidote to the overwhelming and inexplicable matrix.a fine follow-up from natali .
superb stuff !
that does not make it bad ,
be disappointed in an obviously for-kid movie like this.however ,
every time it is getting intolerably dull .
but that is not in itself bad .
a rating of `` 1 '' does not begin to express how dull
depressing and relentlessly bad this movie is .
it aint bad ,
it is dreadful .
as all the actor in the film are great usually ,
and it lacks much of the energy a comedy needs
it is also got some laugh-out-loud funny line
and garofalo and studi do superb work adding conflict and variety to the team .
the best scene in the film give this film its emotional grounding .
amazing 's secret identity ; stiller 's rage
but the main plot is such loopy fun
nonsensical fun seems to be lost on some of the reviewer here ,
( 7/10 )
`` journey of hope '' tell of a poor turkish family and their odyssey of hope
the story has a predictable conclusion
you will not be disappointed.i remember watching this as a kid in the 80s
and they loved it also !
while they have fun
is wonderful .
because at its best this program offered an often winning
'' plus you can not go wrong with such tried'n'true fright favorite as zombie
to tackle a heroic lead in `` the energy eater '' while other episode featured great veteran character actor like keenan wynn
best of all
kolchak was surrounded by a handful of enjoyable secondary character :
simon oakland was perfect as carl 's chronically ill-tempered boss tony vincenzo
and carol ann susi was likewise a lot of fun
( the titular lycan nothrope in `` the werewolf '' unfortunately resembles a yorkshire terrier ! )
that 'summer rain ' is by far the worse film i have ever seen !
that it was going to be a great british classic such as 'secret and ly ' or 'lockstock '
but oh no this was so bad
( reminded me of a bad 'theatre in education ' school production ) .
so please avoid at all cost .
mostly beautiful young woman .
i saw the big bad swim at the 2006 temecula film festival ,
the class serves as a catalyst for greater change in the student ' life.what surprised me about the film was how real it felt .
rarely in ensemble piece are character treated so well .
i enjoyed the scene in the class immensely ,
i found the film very well-rounded and quite enjoyable .
after nash was sent to prison.the best thing
there is no time wasted on unnecessary crap .
to require dull filler scenes.the cast is good .
kilmer has been mediocre in a string of movie ,
( she is solid ) ,
who is otherwise quite annoying ,
`` friend '' is the worst tv sitcom of all time . )
she fits in perfectly .
friz freleng 's 'rumour ' is an excellent private snafu cartoon
fast paced and funny ,
`` do not badmouth the military '' message .
it stands up as one of the best of the private snafu short .
great actor
who suffers greatly
clara bow 's beauty and wonderful appeal are the chief reason
`` hula '' is not quite up to par with clara 's best film
but it is still enjoyable .
the movie is boring ,
this movie is a big mess .
and extremely bad acting on everyone behalf .
the movie is great sleep therapy .
the fighting is laughable .
and his character was poorly developed .
this movie is highly recommended to pass .
and frankly an insult to whomever life it is based upon .
ok this is not the worst film i have reviewed this week
we had a lot of fun
watching this piece of crap.the monster jigsaw is a mish mash of all these dysfunctional student idea ,
the absolute worst part is the ending ,
funny 4/100 mock
( how much fun we had mocking it )
73/100 acting 8/100 generally 12/100
this is among the very best
along for fun would be a detriment ,
-- having a genuinely interesting case as well as uniformly excellent performance by all.the film begins at the dog show
this was one of the worst movie i
horrible acting
not funny at all
and well just boring.i can only assume all these 10/10 fav .
attempt to sit through this awful movie.otherwisedo not waste your time
the dancing part was horrible.my ex said
why we never married.this is one of the worst movie i
it is too bad
is that isabella rosselini gets more beautiful the older
cusack does his best david niven in this one ,
but still be pretty d*mn funny ' reworking of an under-appreciated comedy classic.hillary duff does an over sexualized britney spear lap dance version of matum bond .
it was so fun .
because their wonderfull castle is very big and beautiful .
unfortunately dominating the industry mind ! )
it is great !
great writing and great casting along with great acting makes this a must see .
i would like to use it as my avatar on a message board
it seems absurd now that this mostly boring little film had been banned
and actually being able to sit through this mess of a movie .
as it shows from the cheap props for his show
( yes it looks even cheaper than the real jerry springer show )
the thing is he really looks too horrible and out of shape
but if your idea of fun is seeing jerry springer sing a country song about his own show or guy hooking up with transvestite ... well ...
so he invests this overly complicated and needless pointless plan ala scooby-doo to drive alan
my god what a waste of time .
and that it does an excellent job of portraying the charm
who was one of the city 's favorite son .
this is way up there in the `` so bad it'good `` chart kidman
how freaking amazing this film was .
it is by far one of the best independent film i
there were great expectation for this back in 1982 \u0096 a script co-written by the wild bunch 's walon green
without semaphore and a great supporting cast
unfortunately
sadly ,
unfortunately ry cooder 's beautiful title song
it is completely wasting the great warren oate in a nothing bit part .
why i found this so forgettable at the time .
it was very funny indeed .
it was not as bad
that you can at least expect some funny dialogue .
his irish accent is great .
of protecting his country or the right of his fellow protestant ... ginger is in it for the fun of killing .
and it is the perfect job for a guy like him .
and they add fuel to the flame ,
worst .
which boat in the marina belonged to the recently departed steve ? 1/10
i enjoyed it .
perfect !
`` emma '' is one of austen 's most delightful and funny novel
the movie respected this subtle irony ,
toni colette is simply great .
and how i envied them for the wonderful dress they could wear !
a really enjoyable and deserving movie .
this movie is a perfect
that i 'enjoyed ' watching.7/10
he was the most wonderful albert peterson ever -
i especially loved all of his funny facial expression and dancing during `` put on a happy face ! ''
he is so great !
she was a beautiful rosie ,
tyne daly was hilarious as albert 's obnoxious mother and george wendt was superb as the annoyed mr. mcafee
( however i loved paul lynde 's performance in the 1963 version ! ) .
this movie is disappointing
one of the worst movie i have ever seen with robert de niro ,
the fan is a pointless clich\u00e9 of an exercise in slasher flick .
perhaps richard attenborough was not the best choice for director of the film ,
douglas is also probably not the best choice for the part .
in all fairness this was the weakest part of the film .
another stupid dinosaur movie
the original was bad enough ,
the sequel was even worse .
2/10 .
to have amazing gadget and whizz-bang explosions.in many way ,
and was rarely central to the plot itself .
airwolf was rip-roaring fun ,
( and sadly vastly inferior )
this is a fun
fun movie .
a high school nerd is picked on by all these stupid jock and cheerleader ,
a lot of thing could be so ridiculous ,
it really is a fun
fun movie .
good fun !
great 80 's slasher fun !
'blackadder the third ' is the best one of the series.actuelly all the episode are funny ,
in 'macbeth ' is also really funny
he did the series of blackadder especially good.i hope rowan is going to continue his great style ,
a really great movie and true story .
dan jansen the greatest skater ever .
a touching and beautiful movie the whole family can enjoy .
thank you for a great film with excellent actor and an excellent story .
it is a very touching story about a beautiful family support and faith for their child and a special dream for their youngest son and his sister .
though as such those same limitation make it disappointing.what is interesting too ,
when i was younger and prior to five year ago- is that the basic element of the story never get messed up with .
i found to be really amazing
they are maybe the best part of the combination of the animation on top of the live-action
as there is not continuity from the good and bad rotoscoping ) ,
are beautiful with the mixture and blast of color together .
label me disappointed .
the sight of kareena kapoor in a two-piece bikini is about the only thing
while watching tashan \u0097 the mega-disappointing
bad film are bad film
but tashan is not just a bad film ,
it is a terrible film .
terrible
terrible also
that is anil kapoor
that is hidden across the length and eadth of the country.much like those bad eighty potboiler ,
that it fails to establish any connect .
even that ridiculous climatic action scene complete with shaolin monk
not all these set piece are badly
but anil kapoor 's grating hinglish dialogue makes you want to slit your wrist
kareena kapoor
it is rather disappointing .
most disappointing is the end .
this is one of my favorite mr. motos ,
the usual comic relief is quite funny here ,
and fun.the archaeologist does not have quite the same flair as thomas beck
while he speaks in a stereotypical manner his line are funny ,
this movie is fun in fit
for it not to be fun .
they really do not make bad horror movie like this anymore ,
add paulie the parrot to beloved movie animal character .
bird and beloved marie
beautiful photography throughout .
great little movie
word of mouth will make it a cult favorite .
and the finale is quite disturbing.the acting is excellent
alone at night with the light off.highly recommended.10/10 .
filmed beautifully catching the drama of life in the 30 's .
hank again prove to be excellent in a very memorable movie .
they are fun to consider in a 'what if ? '
'bill and ted 's excellent adventure '
that short story for the first time.in the case of terry gilliam 's excellent film
although his character is not especially sympathetic .
it sounded great with dts.i had to get this dvd
was just mind blowing and sound quality is the best i have heard on a music dvd.it does not matter what type of music you like ,
bad bad bad bad.how about the acting ?
i find it fascinating
my especial favorite was jack wild .
thoroughly enjoyable film .
drawing the eye with beautiful scenery and tranquil landscape .
the peaceful imagery contrast wonderfully with the tension between the very human
due to the excellent cast all five of the major player are wonderfully interesting and dynamic .
it is a really funny movie
and the amazingly difficult but equally rewarding process of forgiveness .
she was such a great actor
but she really seemed to be in character perfectly .
i felt so bad for the girl
which is just so heartwarming after all the mishap in the movie.definitely a gem ,
the acting is just horrible especially with rick ' s fake crying for his other ,
and the make up is just lame .
this film is so horrible ,
hood of the living dead gets a 3/10
by it is greatness .
fantastic script
great acting
should become a writer yourself.great ,
that is a great plus ,
i like swayze but in this he is awful .
alison.the best acting came from the person from the african continent and sided onyulo as umbopa i liked best .
and the cast is wonderful .
who tries to avoid woman and their traitorous way
the dialogue is wonderfully witty and refreshing and the atmosphere enchanting .
yes way ! bill and ted 's bogus journey is simply the best movie ever made.who dares
loved this series
my favorite character was the one
this film is close to be my favorite piece of celluloid .
and `` enjoy the excellent work by daniel and pascal '' ,
i am not great at writing review ,
so i will just spout my opinion ... i loved this series at first .
davis ... i loved them all .
the movie stargate seemed mediocre the first time i saw it ,
it is a great loss .
but it is rather insulting really to make a sequel to one of the most favoured horror trilogy ,
it is cheap looking ,
just do not waste your time on this drivel !
this is definitely the worst bigfoot movie i have ever seen
and quite possibly the overall worst movie i have ever seen in my life .
the actor and actress were horrible
and the bigfoot itself was terrible .
it looked like a poor man 's version of donkey kong himself !
was just awful animation .
that was annoying
the movie is boring too .
absolutely one of the worst film i have ever seen .
truly awful !
1914 was an amazing year for charlie chaplin .
this is a very forgettable film
is not particularly funny
about a sad reality the acting is great and the soundtrack too .
this may be the worst film adaptation of a broadway musical ever .
that it is almost bad enough
to be funny.the hairstyle
sardonic and funny .
clich\u00e9 and quite disappointing .
here she looked a poor actress
and learn how to cook.bend it like beckham is a very funny feel good movie
the story is simple and predictable ,
but it works perfectly
and the script is very realistic and very funny.a great family movie 8/10
that the enforcer is the best out of the series ,
with great
this is in my opinion the best dirty harry sequel ever .
so these viewing angle make it worse
but this one is trying too hard to be something artful and fails in my opinion painfully.nothing to get attached to
what an annoying film even for someone
he ought us wonderfully
and he looked to have a fantastic future ahead
it had dire theme music ( up there with the bodyguard for cheese ) and the pointless love story was so tedious
self absorbing and pathetic that it disrespected the plight of everyone else involved
and disappointed
the worst aspect was
culture vulture went to see this expensive waste of celluloid
it must be great ''
if person are stupid and sentimental enough
it is right up there on my all time worst movie list with other silly
that transforms a great movie or a great script into a masterpiece ,
even king himself did not fare so bad .
coming from a streak of fantastic performance for robert altman in the seventy
what a horrible film .
unfortunately it is not worth watching .
its beyond boring
that plus the outrageous photography together with the hauntingly beautiful music ,
you will not be disappointed .
was expecting some of the worst film
that it was the worst rated movie
to look well ok at best .
this movie needs to be banned from all shelve around the world.the best way
and the special effect really are just terrible.please do not be like me and rent this movie
it will be funny to watch.in the end i am
it is lackluster and cheap looking ,
not only is this a great african-american classic comedy ,
but one of many great american cult classics.i have recently purchased the collection edition of rudy ray moore.if
those were some wonderful memory ,
`` 10/10
it is not the best or the most ... .
that makes you feel good after a bad day
without any regret about the time wasted
this is one of the most beautiful and refreshing film
unfortunately
the studio had to experiment to see what the public best liked about here .
which become simply boring ,
but it is awful .
even the fantastic cast can not save it .
it started off quite funny
that just were not funny ,
its like he was trying too hard to be funny .
it is getting worse ,
really terrible movie .
robert englund gives another great performance as freddy
that this is the most boring movie i
there are almost no redeeming qualities to this film .
but some real story are best left untold.i usually like slow paced movie as long
the acting was pretty bad .
( badly )
no interest what so ever.a perfect example of what i call an anti-movie .
that this movie is by far the worst i
this movie is just bad joke
after bad joke geared to the 13 year old
who are in need of help badly
who he in turns gives his life to.the acting of this film is great ,
she has been in some bad some good
up until then it just seems like a pointless love story .
hell sometime it was even downright funny.the underlying message i got from the film though ,
being slutty or lambasting some poor guy for no apparent reason .
the message involved is good for woman or gay men.but ,
but some of the comment other have made are just plain stupid .
best film ever my foot .
rodney dangerfield is a great .
he has done a lot of great work .
but this one ... .is awful .
the joke in the movie are not funny ... .their stupid .
that was visually fantastic
worse than that
and gets even worse at the big groan-worthy twist at the end .
worst of all is the overlong `zion rave ' scene .
but it is also a pathetic excuse for porn and depressive dance music.the bullet-time aspect of `the matrix ' was a good addition ,
but in `'reloaded ' they overuse to make it seem boring .
that other franchise such as the `star war ' saga have.the acting standard is poor for the most part .
the best character of course goes to hugo weaving 's `agent smith'- the only one
academy award nominee laurence fishburne is reduced to a monotonous mentor with poor dialogue .
a poor
`the matrix reloaded ' is a disappointment .
this is still rather poor .
4.5/10 .
( and looked like one of the bad guy )
by far the worst editing since `` manos hand of fate '' .
so if you wan na see a movie with poor editing ,
poor acting
horrible
this was actually disappointing enough for me to toss my discs from the first 3.5 year .
`` hole '' is my all-time favorite movie !
the director of this film did an excellent job of re-creating the book into movie form .
did wonderful playing their character
10/10 star
whose relationship with anne apparently ended badly ,
unfortunately
she makes a wonderful jane .
gemma jone has some good moment as anne
it was funny and interesting and the main character was kind of cool.i saw
it was horrible .
it was funny before but now ... i did not laugh at all .
the story was weak .
there are great actor in this movie
but still the acting is mediocre at best.what is the worst is the fact
that the only black man in 'the street fighter ' is one of the bad guy
and only one asian as a bad guy .
i am giving the movie the rate of 4/10 .
it would be 1/10
if i had not have fun with it as a kid .
this is one of the greatest film
played by ned beatty undergoes one of the greatest on screen transformation
completely giving himself in to this wonderful role .
with wonderful cinematography
using incredible amount of symbolism to convey truth
i gave it a 10/10 ,
and put it in my 10 all time greatest film ever made
this is without a doubt one of the worst movie ever
what\u00b4s worse
perform so badly you can\u00b4t help but wonder
( a stupidity
and that is bad for business .
it was horrible .
unfortunately
it did not allow him to do what he does best ,
it is not that he did bad ,
boring to the max .
the poor production value
like comparing this to those is an insult
there are some incredible fight scene in this movie
that made my favorite hong kong film ,
that this story is not quite realistic.i loved acting
but the greatest thing in the movie was the wit
it features a lot of fun cameos and muppet hi-jinx .
i happened to have enjoyed it greatly .
fun to watch with your kid .
it is some weird bad rip off version of stephen king movie `` misery
and as in every bad movie
that to get the best version of the work of jane austen ,
we love adaptation of great literature and the current writer ' strike ings to mind
considering how austen could paint such wonderful character with some carefully chosen understatement .
the 2007 version was a disappointment .
and was fun to watch ,
and therefore my english writing is rather poor
a vhs tape of this wonderful tv presentation .
is a rare achievement for tv movie.secondly ,
all of the cast member did a superb job.my only complaint with the movie
i enjoyed the building suspense
annoying
or even the horrible score by quincy jone .
that are laughably bad
that this movie is horrible ,
because i have seen worse ,
like i was jarred from one weak plot point to another throughout the whole movie
or they just had a bad actor
they are hard to avoid using
why so many bad film tend to overuse stereotypical character .
it is awful .
sadie 's character is yanked from one bad situation to another
this is a lousy picture
this superior inferiority to the original dumb `` blind dead '' movie is another trash bin waste .
have heard about how scary and great these film are and i saw them all
and was throughly disappointed ,
how boring this crude is ?
the result is terrible
when pete fails a polygraph test ,
as to be laughable .
the terrible
and think its great !
its laid back fun ,
great film
you will be very disappointed to see
i loved this film .
it may not have had the funding and advertising
giving fantastic performance .
great cast
great film .
and 'legend ' makes the very best cinema !
attempts the role of an indian chief ... `` winchester '73 '' is the story of a perfectly crafted and highly prized
it is beautifully shot
superbly edited ,
( christine lakin from of the awful sugary `` step by step '' show of the now thankfully defunct abc 's tgif line-up ) ,
and wastes the only star talent
it is not bad exactly ,
the premise is wonderful ,
and i loved the voiceover ,
and poor michael park
best-selling horror novelist cheryl
( a solid and sympathetic performance by the lovely virginia bryant ) ,
bava eschews the standard blood'n'guts fright flick routine in favor of crafting a compelling and provocative dark adult fairytale-like fable on how the best way
gianfranco transunto 's glossy cinematography boasts a few fluid tracking shot and plenty of great atmospheric lighting .
cage is at his best .
jt walsh is perfect in his last performance .
dwight yoakum makes a film debut superbly in a cameo .
really bad day '' film .
sadly
it seemed i was in for a cheaper version of the mummy .
they unleashed an ancient and terrible evil
they stop off at a hotel for a refreshing shower and some pleasant small talk .
after this overlong and pointless middle section they get around to destroying the anubis monster in the usual way ,
this may not have been one of the best program of the series ,
these usually contained the message
important message
it is not that the movie is terrible ,
that may be part of the reason for my disappointment .
is modesty are one of the film weakest point .
this is a thought-provoking movie with overall great acting and superb balance between the story 3 main character
they are like that too in real life.overall a great underrated piece of filmwork ,
you will love this one.8,5/10
some of the segment are funny
the film has some great moment as well ,
one of the best being the segment about an old couple ,
the editing was perfect ,
it might be worthwhile for some and a waste of time for other.7/10
and creature movie are *always* fun to watch ,
the bad thing :
i have seen bad acting ,
and picked all the worst try-out from it .
but the acting really was that bad .
and outright dumbest story i have ever seen put on screen
but it is trapped in the bad
cause dragon war is absolutely horrible .
a padded cell should indeed be left available.niamh cusack did her best ,
and this particular `` state of mind '' is best buried and forgotten ,
i was disappointed to see that the major complaint of the community
-- that moore was being paid $ 40,000 of the state of utah 's educational fund
and we get badly shot ,
we not only discovered one of the worst movie out there ,
even in a bad film
there is usually some redeeming feature ,
it was terrible ,
this was just simply terrible all over .
the acting was laughable
the script terrible
and even the special effect were shoddy at best .
this was a very bad film and one
see just how bad a film can be .
and this one is worst than the one with paris hilton ,
so i do not have to see his pathetic face anymore .
it must be sad to want fame so bad
the only good part about this film is the beautiful scenery .
this movie was long and boring .
where the two minister 's son have nothing to do but 1. norm chase a lame girlfriend
because nobody with a ain would make up such a stupid story .
best performance
it was an amazing achievemant for all those involved
michael can noton jone painted a wonderful portrait of the honor and dishonor
is a little insulting to me .
he is also a perfect person ,
he even goes through the worst kind of torture
i find human ambiguity far more facinating than human perfection .
but he is far from perfect .
that affected the life of many of his loved one .
but rob did the best he could ,
she is beautiful ,
that are wonderful in their chicanery .
are his favorite word to his `` factor '' .
that a man of great noble bearing as the duke of argyll can be considered of greater providency then him .
that i find fascinating is the duke of argyll .
`` braveheart '' has some of the best battle scene
it is one of the greatest scene in film history .
the fighting style and the bearing of the two character in this duel describe the character perfectly .
it is one of the greatest momants in film history .
`` rob roy '' is actually one of the greatest written film of the 90 's .
but other than sounding like scotty from star trek and a couple of `` aye '' s for acknowledgemant
this has to be the worst movie i
to devote to a just-for-the-fun-of-it movie .
this started with a bad premise
and then just got worse .
but if you decide to waste your time on this movie ,
i would almost give it 10/10 .
the story line is great and well composed ;
the animation is great and the combination of femme fatal and film noir result in a great film
i enjoyed it more in french with english subtitle .
if you enjoyed this film
boring and mostly a showcase for the company
that is just plain stupid
the apprentice was once a great tv-show ,
an escape from the mundane and boring .
everything is shown with a wonderfully ight splash of colour
it made the most addictive and wonderful viewing
i have to admit to enjoying bad movie .
this one had a great box ,
it is not great art ,
with its in-joke dialogue and over-the-top gruesome stuff was our favorite of the evening .
it was one of the best `` party tape '' i have ever had the pleasure of watching .
what is unforgivable is the lack of an oscar for best music ,
brilliant !
this very typically and pro-british story was by a great screenwriter
( and what a lousy phrase
power.roeg really is the perfect director to ing johnson 's stage play to the screen .
in which another 'actor ' has taken on his greatest role
and served up in new and fascinating way .
one girl in the audience is so annoying
what matters is that `` superman return '' is bad movie .
in cinema it looks just stupid .
why having a weak story for a starter ?
i am not questioning the lame money
is it that bad ?
acting is weak ,
kevin spacey is having fun ,
second unit is so bad
the funnier it gets
do not waste your time
and do not waste your money too .
the movie could not be that bad .
that it would be more enjoyable to slide down a razorblade slide on my bare nutsack into a vat of vinegar then watch this movie again .
( why is it that bad movie always include such good looking woman ? ) .
to add insult to injury ,
but he should concentrate on real movie.this movie is just a waste of time - run away !
it is still bad.now scorsese and screenwriter wesley strick did not just remake the 1962 cape fear scene for scene ,
unfortunately this is one of the film 's problem .
but the overall script is also weak all around .
they are also just poorly written .
and is filled with apathetic and even ridiculous line
as well.now the classic version of cape fear was extraordinarily filmed with illiant lighting and a powerfully effective suggestive subtlety
the acting is not great either .
but he gets progressively worse
but she is called upon to play a real stupid character
containing nothing to be great on its own
and being crushed by the unavoidable comparison to the original cape fear ,
i found martin scorsese 's cape fear to be a very bad film indeed .
the best thing about the film are robert mitchum and gregory peck in their supporting role
**may contain spoilers**the titular topless heroine rescues another beautiful babe and her father
this footage actually gets real boring
tng 's semi-forgettable second season ,
still one of my favorite episodes.on a side-note ,
i am still disappointed
who anyone is and the venom themselves only know at best
this is a good solid little film
but is still a really good film to curl up with on your couch.around 7/10 .
it is too much fun !
( aielo pulling over at his beloved off ramp )
great scene
that there are worse adaptation
and worse rochester.this is without doubt the most exquisite jane eyre adaptation
director franco zerifferelli revel in beautiful long shot of snow
and sadly
each of them beautifully staged ,
other scriptwriter have made in substituting their own poor writing for bront\u00eb 's superb line ,
but in the end similarly great mistake of simply leaving many important scene out .
is physically a perfect choice for playing jane eyre .
but unfortunately the script never allows her to expand the more passionate and lively side of jane 's character any further .
absolutely ridiculous .
that many viewer are disappointed in hurt 's performance .
who is badly played .
but at least you will find a beautifully made movie .
freebird was expertly written and directed with the perfect combination of fun and serious moment plus choice casting .
great privilege to meet jon and the cast at the party
what i love most about this genre is its incredible attention to detail ,
poorly cast ,
terrible script full of hole
terrible special effect ,
good gored up fun filled with predictable twist and laughable one liner .
i highly enjoyed this movie ,
it was meant to be enjoyed .
and have a fun night with some friend and this movie .
gasps a general as a dozen native zombie wander around the battlefield of europe during the `` great war '' .
even by 1936 standard the acting in this film is bad .
but is totally wasted ,
the government of great britain and the united state have thus far made no commitment
a vaguely reptilian prime minister of the dirt-poor island nation of gaillardia
that great britain has not forgotten them ,
a sympathetically doltish terry-thomas and john addison 's full-on larky score
thing quickly slow down into a series of slow burn and lame miscommunication joke .
is so pathetic its honor guard faint at the airport ,
allowing for another lame aural gag by a thick-accented announcer :
bannen is dull and plays his part as straight
that they are apparently cousin is never addressed.the film winds up with a lamely staged revolution
this movie was horrible .
ice-t was annoying as hell .
the bullet would still fire kill ice t but mess up the barrel .
this one takes a great cast
where are all the great british writer hiding ?
person 's proved a screenplay with bizarre twist and fantastic idea about the nature of time \u0097 i especially love the idea
perfection and originality.the story itself is engaging :
but because their time-travelling technology is not perfect ,
and from that a illiant science fiction thriller with shade of film noir ensue as the multiple piece of a huge jigsaw start fitting together
to create a mess ,
the scene between jeffrey and cole in the madhouse are the best in the movie
but it is beautiful and full of sensibility ;
and it works perfectly .
one of the fun twist in the narrative is when cole 's shrink
but i enjoyed watching cole
which will blow many mind away.there are two great ending in this movie
the way jake gittes mess everything up the more
twelve monkey is a great movie to watch
came together beautifully
they reflected each other great .
and diane keaton gave a wonderful performance
that are flawed then this movie is bad .
a great ensemble cast
unfortunately
the superficiality this creates is not just annoying ,
even by the terrible overacting in this
to live long before the film finished.avoid this like the plague and watch 'deep impact ' for a reasonable film about a meteor
only a naive girl could undertake such an adventure.robert siodmak directed this film noir very well .
who secretly loved him .
immature and boring !
`` boring '' !
the theme song is terrible and irritating !
also the story are lame
how this show got 7.5/10 vote of other imdb viewer .
cheaply made and boring .
but this is a total waste of money and a complete and utter waste of your time and feel glad
2/10
because i have given other show worst !
and is surprised to be tapped on the shoulder by the stunningly beautiful elizabeth blackwood .
this is a fun movie ,
recommended !
`` godzilla vs king ghidorah '' is a perfect example
how a great idea can be ruined by pathetic topic like pseudo-patriotism .
about `` japan is great ''
is really stupid .
making them stupid big blond guy ,
and it is ridiculous enemy in one
the film was really dull and pathetic .
what begins as a perfect crime begins a struggle
perfectly over the top ) threatens her life ... as well as her precious young daughters.this episode is warmly remembered by even those casually acquainted with the program .
and all through the houst is among tale from the crypt 's best .
until goldie hawn arrives.i never expected the youthful hawn to deliver such a solid performance .
her timing was great
is beautiful to watch .
it is filled with bad acting and even worse direction and editing .
the only redeeming part of the film are a few number by streisand ,
the final streisand number _could have been_ one of the greatest finale in film ,
the single framed shot of her face for the duration of the song was a terrible mistake .
the only thing worse may be the wretched screenplay .
the final musical number is the only redeeming part of this film ,
this is a great movie from the lost age of reactionary made-for-television drama .
and the eventual message of this film makes episode of dragnet look evenhanded by comparison .
but what really shines in this is the great pace of the movie ,
the car are really great as well
not mean it is not great art .
this really was a waste of time ...
the movie has a weak plot ,
but what made it worse was that the major plot hole was the whole story on how to kill the baddy ...
yet the bulk of his film are more than forgettable .
which makes his character fascinating as well
than many film noir 's of the period this remains a great example of the genre .
i bought this cheap from the rental remnant at our local store .
and it attempts to get over a complex message
that mst3k made fun of .
by just have pointless scene
one of the worst horror movie i have ever scene !
the trailer looked fun so i thought
and the joke genuinely funny .
and you have the formula for the best british comedy i have seen in a long time ,
unfortunately
even she offered a great performance ,
it is just that someone has to be last of the best and sorry kiera
my beloved but forgotten ice junkie had melted into a sugary blue juice .
it easily ranks in the upper echelon of the worst horror film
and lacks the camp value of there is nothing out there .
( terrible on all level .
in great part because it has jame cagney in the lead role as a musical prologue producer under a succession of deadline
his high speed rant about musical show and so forth are endearing and annoying at the same time .
i have got a great idea for a prologue !
it is funny
is ridiculous .
because this is a very polished production.it is great to see cagney himself show off his superb dancing skill ,
cagney and blondell have excellent chemistry
is only mediocre
this is a really bad movie for several reasons.subject :
is that nietzsche was a great thinker .
who actually lived and had/has great influence on the world of yesterday
one of the first thing i noticed were the ridiculous accent .
bad casting.4th
its a waste of celluloid .
and this is possibly my favorite show
that this beautifully written and acted show was canceled .
steven caseman - are all incredible and so natural in those role .
even the kid are great .
wonderful show .
it was in the perfect time slot in this market .
but the overlay of moving image on an object on film is surprisingly well done given
the character are so annoying .
who the hell would ever produce this waste of a film ? spoiler up aheadthe teacher dies in this ,
if you are going to eak the rule do it in a good horror flick not this waste
bad script
it would have been a fun movie
unforgivable crime.the story line is as subtle as a ick through a green house window .
when is in full bad boy mode .
the guy is at his best
it only comes across as a pathetic attempt
but they are subtle ,
alone he was fantastic
which makes it seem all the more real.i would give it 8/10 .
this is an excellent movie .
the rest of the cast is solid .
as she does her hair and lewi describes her sad and pathetic life .
fun and quality film .
which give a great effect on the film .
a great film for a rainy afternoon
as did the fairly lame musical score ,
beautiful cinematography i think not .
this movie was not too terrible
worst part of this was that madchen amick had such a small part ,
too bad .
spielberg 's `` duel '' and `` the bird '' are all great example of movie
their not especially bad
but ultimately fails in that in many way
i have seen much worse film ,
and disappearance are not bad ,
it is just too average.4/10 .
the result is a train wreck and one of the most beloved movie adaptation of a neil simon stage play.first thing 's first :
simon and director gene sak do a great job
in several different arrangemants
why they were regarded as a great comedy team .
in their best-regarded partnership
matthau is great in the beginning ,
that totally upsets the delicate balance of blame.while the ending bother me ,
is not great comedy
to get into a great comedy ,
( plus it has some great shot of the seedier part of the city . )
when we see oscar and his poker friend bicker and feud.that is where simon 's line are so great .
and still makes it funny .
but the movie makes for a solid foundation
but still fascinating
other are simply boring .
of being both utterly repellent and totally boring .
my favorite line in the entire movie was from mr. petey
and my favorite scene in the movie was
worst show i have ever seen .
poorly designed suit .
but not the worst acting i have ever seen .
the actor ' acting goes from bad to worse ; much
much worse .
the villain are stupider than the ranger .
some weak
the poorly designed villain ,
does not make it credible.worse yet ,
if i tried.do not waste your time or money ,
imagine my dismay.this has to be the worst translation of a broadway show to film ever made .
but they messed up the storyline ,
i am sorry i wasted my time ,
if there is anything bad about this film ,
it is that all this deeply entrenched and wonderfully enacted tension is swept away a little too lightly towards the end .
even that message too - well worth doing .
it has lost some of it is flair and greatness with age
watch it to have fun ,
christopher durang must have been taught by a memorably awful nun ,
the good earth is perhaps the most boring film i have seen in my life .
the beautiful effect
i love bad shark movie .
which is shark movie hilarity at its best .
messed up.this is theoretical reproduction at its very worst
a perfect amphibious being !
the deer hunter was great ,
this movie was great.it is the acting in this one
that makes it so great.for me ,
jacknife is a 10/10
the whole thing is really very dull .
the other user comment reflected the poor rating this film received
a wonderful movie !
like every scene was routinely predictable and signposted ,
like a very bad tv soap.i was really looking forward to this movie ,
unfortunately
now the gang must learn to perfect their craft
`` october sky '' is his best effort
and obviously his best film .
and he gives a beautiful and natural performance .
he is a perfect actor .
an amazing inspiring movie along with load of entertainment .
that were meantto be funny ,
we have here another lame godfather clone from the director of il consigliori
and generally being creepy.pat robertson does not even seem like such a bad guy at first glance .
this would all be funny ,
if it is funny or scary .
someone even recommended the show to me .
it would have been fairly annoying
they waste little time in showing
`` vampire politic '' are more important than her.subtlety is not this show 's strong suit .
but the finale two episode was where it really got annoying
at this point it was just ridiculous .
running man is not a great movie ,
that it almost makes fun of itself .
not surprisingly
in the ensuing scene \u0096 the best in the movie \u0096
but fails.when she returns home
pleasant but bland and generic
and a solid performance by the wonderful actor walter huston.the title and opening sequence of the film pretty much give away the fact
enter bad girl bessie
this is one of my favorite colman melodramas .
it is difficult to precisely put into word the sheer awfulness of this film .
german doctor have not been funny since vaudeville )
that is is bad enough .
which can best be described as 'ugly ' ,
they overplay even the weakest of throwaway gag.adrift in this sargasso sea of sap is a hapless billy crystal in his film debut role as the film 's hapless protagonist lionel .
eventually the cringe reflex becomes a semi-permanent condition as cheap joke
after cheap joke blows up in his face.i can only speculate about the sort of audience
but bad rating due to basic premise
being badly developed .
but no discussion of any great depth that would explain
directing was not that bad
i have seen worse ,
but i rarely leave film feeling this frustrated .
most of the plot aspect are pretty predictable and `` tried and true ''
in addition to an amazing resemblance
the younger actress did a great job
`` bait '' are not perfect .
believable and amazingly likeable
smooth as butter and funnier than hell .
but i would give it a 7/10 .
better or worse .
the fastway soundtrack is one of the best soundtrack ever .
kid 's favorite singer dy .
you will not be disappointed .
his great insight ?
unbelievable waste of film stock .
the movie was awful .
and ridiculous from the beginning.the `` deeper '' point is apparently
definitely the best movie i have seen in the past five year .
it is the worst data-animation ever
just because it is so bad .
`` this is the best movie i
the movie is to weak
i thoroughly enjoyed this flick .
this is mainly what makes south park soooo funny .
you see in every episode the message
it has a sincere message about corporate america and the disgrace
it has a really genuine message
but he is in surprisingly glum spirit
he is given the plan for the perfect heist from a lifer in prison ;
soon bad boxer pero mahalovic
so called `` perfect job '' .first of all ,
this movie was very funny
but `` welcome to collinwood '' is great comedy for itself ,
really excellent movie for these actor :
( great ) ,
( great ) ,
they are just like character in my favorite comic
most of the screen time is dominated by unfunny joke .
this movie is as funny
as kirstie ally 's british accent is convincing.this movie started off like a weak action movie :
unfunny joke .
aside from the terrible writing
the movie is also poorly directed
and the acting is terrible .
this movie does the old bad comedy clich\u00e9
it was just a terrible movie .
no one should waste their time .
one of the worst movie i have ever seen in my life .
to come up with a pointlessly sleazy and juvenile version of the invisible man story .
but i felt bad for some of them ,
who is totally wasted here.but
is much more entertaining than this stilted and bad film .
for this dull witted local `` comedy '' production is that it is inoffensive .
in fact it is so astonishingly bland that one wonders how many dozen of re-write by committee
add up to fun .
guy and doll is never boring
just a great time.my rating :
8/10not rated .
and it was terrible .
hewitt is mediocre at best
you should avoid this film like the plague
it is relentlessly unfunny ,
dan ackroyd is pretty funny
but this film is just plain awful .
the story really is not that bad ,
than in most horror movies.i have seen worse acting ,
but at the end of the day this is still a bad horror movie .
by showing our weakness
to be to enjoy beautiful art and music ,
the classic story.the wonderful music of george gerschwin complements the great dancing by gene kelly and leslie caron .
loving film well worth watching.8/10
great wasted night stuff .
or soon to go on to poor quality drama
that they are tough football thug is laughable .
where every line must be pronounced in a perfect manner
the actor playing the role of the lover do a great job
though that the movie does not end on a bad note .
dull
dull
dull.it is not so bad
it is just plain bad .
snl is pretty funny but person
it is just a stupid piece of crap.andy samberg try to act like jon heder but fail .
although jon heder is only funny in napoleon dynamite andy try his hardest
that was decently funny with andy
he is a horrible actor
here they are replaced by the weaker red skelton and lucille ball .
and the fun is lost.skip it .
not because the sequel was not as great ,
i did not rate it as a `` great film '' ,
and because i enjoyed their conversation
the jesse and celine tale avoid that ,
no matter how beautiful paris is ,
and it gets even better with an equally great sequel
his next film page 3 was one of the worst movie of all time .
one of the rich guy like to kidnap poor child
having person 's head chopped off and sent in box and sack could have been avoided.no complaint - 7/10
and order - svu.richard gere gives his best-ever performance as the soft-spoken agent worn-out by the task .
but he gives his best in his performance here .
who is going through a bad divorce .
her boss is played by the wonderful and divine holland taylor .
but then the network botch it up like a bad plastic surgery .
watch it with loved one ;
the acting in `` written on the wind '' range from weak to fair
he is convincing as the weak and spoiled playboy ) .
but she lacks the strength for the role .
( never loved by the disappointed father )
and loved by the patriarch .
in an explosion of laughter or tear .what remains to us is the beautiful cinematography of dougla sirk .
but the rest of the cast makes the entire procedure a waste of time .
stick with the visually perfect silent farce
recent adapted travesty 's like 'intimacy ' have ruined great writing .
eclipsing even my beautiful laundrette .
by having a very carnal relationship with the boyfriend of her emotionally-weak daughter .
beautifully shot
the film fails only in the weak depiction of the peripheral character
we may have enjoyed it as a light weight
that it looked really badly animated
that i found it to be rather boring .
is beyond ridiculous .
after one of her kid gets out of hand with his lame annoying joke ,
funny ,
without his girlfriend 's prior knowledge.horrible formula slasher does not stray from the norm .
often shedding bad joke..how
the costume are far too 'disney ' there is a ridiculous 'six month later ' insert after the burning of nic cage
punching out of various 'baddy ' on the island .
i have not watched a movie this awful in a long while .
it is that astoundingly awful .
her accent was awful
the one truly memorable part of this otherwise rather dull and tepid bit of british cuisine is steiner 's henna rinse
one of the worst dye job ever .
mst3k does an admirable job
of making a wretchedly boring and grey film funny.i particularly like it
but knock yourself out '' mst3k is definitely the only way
but instead it was poorly executed .
why this film was not that good was the poor dialog
cheap laugh
the opening is by far the best thing about the entire movie ,
who is my all-time favorite british horror wench
the bad aspect simply include
( who nevertheless made the excellent horror film `` motel hell '' and `` from beyond the grave '' )
those and maybe also the invasion of cheesy and ridiculously over-sized spider
if you ever decide to give this movie a chance notwithstanding its bad reputation ,
`` film noir '' is an overused expression
every crime drama seems to be a `` noir '' .
the killing is blamed on the father
that made noir what it was
if noir involved nothing more than black-and-white photography
and rarely smile ,
his underplaying is perfect for the part .
poor tierney went through some bad psychiatric stuff ,
this is a good film as well as a good example of film noir .
although the bad guy are all bad .
by the catholic church 's st. francis orphanage.little delium did not waste any time
that you never mess with if you know
that it flips him out so bad
including poor noah
the movie as bad
this is the worst movie i have ever seen in my life .
the topless scene lasted all of about 5 second and the rest of the movie was about as much fun
being forced to listen to roseanne sing big spender.the `` skit '' are stupid and consist of the worst kind of juvenile bathroom humor and locker-room gag ,
( and poor )
to crash through the wall and save us from the stupidity of `` vince offer ''
avoid this pile of rubbish .
which the two actress played superbly .
{ a } she lost her sister and father in a horrible accident and { b }
but this was just ridiculous .
i can not stop saying how much i loved this movie .
known and one of the funniest movie i have ever seen .
and the performance by all of these actor and actress are excellent .
rusty condieff has made an excellent film .
where it is funny
listening to the three lead try to talk some kind of philosophy was one of the best part of the movie ,
the funniest being of spike lee .
before the writing is just excellent.i am not surprised
noir thriller with lot of pulp --
where three loser could desperately set up a not-so-stupid upper-middle-class fellow
unfortunately
`` 52 pick up '' ends with one of the worst throwaway conclusion ever ,
this is one of the worst movie i
and reduced an intimate moment into a farce of biological function akin
on top of that the dialogue and acting was very poor and very forced
this could have been really funny
but it is poorly executed here .
this was one of the funniest and greatest sitcom
that the show is not placed amongst great sitcom
the actor did a superb job and season
although season seven was not as great when
it was still funny .
the other actor were not great
( don stark and tommy chong are great too )
it would have certainly gone down in history as one of the sitcom great .
season 8 was a little dull
but the finale was excellent .
that visionary streak into a long career of unconventional and rare work of art .
her work has a rare kind of generosity
douglas sirk 's over the top candy colored melodrama is still a wonderful thing .
the plot concerns the going on in an oil rich dysfunctional texa family
weak
and jealousy
but it is also terrible ,
and in a great montage
and had a long and fascinating career both in film and theatre in germany ,
sirk had a wonderful sense of color and design
a beautiful and touching movie
murder and mayhem ... on paper tobe hopper 's night terror sounds like it should be at least a fun
most of the movie is a meandering mess
bad acting
robert englund is fun to watch ,
( `` fast time at ridgement high '' )
with an amazing amount of television writer behind the script
they seem to be having fun and i was laughing a good amount of the time .
about how certain scene could have been funnier - not usually the best thing
because the film is a good example of film noir ...
jean peter and thelma ritter.criterion produces great dvds
of playing the cheap floozy
too bad ,
because that ludicrous romance part of the story takes away from it.this an average film noir
but not great and certainly not worth owning at a price of $ 25- $ 35 .
and their life and experience represent the life of a great number of tokugawa era woman .
and sacrifice.i did greatly enjoy the art direction and the acting .
it is a great example of both .
i loved the new race
and many more ... most of my favorite scene are in that film:1-when vader destroys the emperor
( the greatest scene in star war )
when leia slays jabba strangling the hutt crime lord.i personally like the script and the battle of endor presenting a ground and space combat as well the best duel of star war between darth vader v.s luke skywalker on the death star .
9/10 .
that she is a great actress .
is it good or bad ,
me being a fantastic critic ,
i have great taste .
this picture in 1935 walked away with all kind of ocar for best director
gypo nolan made a bad mistake
gave a great
great film for 1935 and wonderful
a great movie .
lansbury and tomlinson are perfect ,
the song are wonderful ,
the climax with the attack of the armature is chilling and fascinating .
that makes a movie great..except for real actor .
and he should have won the best supporting actor award in blaxploitation ,
bad editing
who penned the excellent murder room series
and i was not disappointed .
which was very accurate and excellently portrayed .
the acting was excellent all round
an excellent character study
i have loved this book
that disney had ought madeline l'engle 's excellent book to the screen .
they had botched it badly !
never had i been so let down by a favorite book-to-film adaption .
-- cheated out of the great story
i have always dreamed of how wonderful a movie this book would make .
i was drawn to dan in real life from the excellent review and the thirst for a dramedy
their relationship was so beautifully done
that this movie was a waste of money ,
had some of the best action sence
though there were some funny line and gang throughout the movie
i mean for this kind of movie the 3d effect were great ! ! ! !
then at least this is a dvder ... overall i loved the movie ,
or i would be very angry for having wasted 2 hour of my life .
the acting was terrible ,
the plot was even worse .
who like to do their own version of mst3k .
but this is not bad ...
no one is great
but no one is terrible either .
it also avoids the obligatory
and the script does not insult your intelligence .
playing a bitchy faded actress.no great shake
but not bad at all .
but unfortunately
and the writing is excellent .
it is rather refreshing to see animation getting back
when snl was actually funny .
this movie wastes virtually every actor 's talent
in what could best be charitably called a `` potboiler '' .despite
it was made by splicing together a discarded tv series.quinn 's mexican drug-lord role is laughable and his 'associate ' plucked right out of a 1970 's quinn-martin cop show .
and will jump the first hot body coming along.definitely a 'b ' movie at best and a huge waste of time for everyone involved .
which makes it quite disappointing in comparison to its predecessor .
a number of unnecessary and annoying new character
but it is still a disappointment ,
get annoying quite quickly.all thing considered ,
`` phantasm iii '' is an acceptable time-waster ,
but it is definitely disappointing compared to its predecessor .
i loved this movie .
best movie i have seen in a long time .
and plenty of funny line
this is an excellent film
dealing with a potentially exploitative subject with great sensitivity .
when she finds may 's explicit but rather poor drawing of darren
.the film 's strength is that it portrays with unflinching but sympathetic truth the nature of contemporary adult parent-sibling relationship ,
a rather lame overly-stereotypical portrayal of a sport-mad guy and an equally lame stereotypical portrayal of the gal
while being second banana to his overly zealous support for his favorite sport team.what i got :
that perfect blend of sweet
he ings to the role the perfect blend of sport nut
fallon deliver his line with subtle perfection .
delivered with illiant subtlety by fallon.hey ,
and she loved it as much
this movie is totally ridiculous ,
including all the necessary ingredient for a horrible movie experience :
kate beckinsale is excellent as the manipulative and yet irresistibly charming emma in this tv-adaptation of jane austen\u00b4s novel .
raymond coulthard is perfect as mr. frank churchill
a great achievement and one to view many time with increasing pleasure .
the great director of italy of the 40s and 50s were man
the magnificent clara calamai does an amazing job as giovanna
giovanna is one of the best creation in ms. calamai 's achievemants in the italian cinema .
the last sequence of the film shows ms. calamai at her best in the ironic twist
that was committed.equally excellent
one of the best actor of his generation
gino is the perfect man for giovanna ,
as a buffoon.the film is beautifully photographed by domanic scala and aldo tonti .
the original musical score of giuseppe rosati is perfect .
who loved opera
and was one of the best director ,
because we see a great luchino visconti at the top of his form .
one of the greatest film i have seen this year.last maybe before sun rise ,
free will of man and our weakness against fate.with time past by jame and kathryn are destined to fail and an indescribable sorrow comes .
that scientist had already got his message
what i saw was badly acted ,
she can not even act.she is just plain annoying.paul rudd an actor
i do like comedy but not stupid one about stupid people.rating : *
it was all boring
annoying
and was annoying to listen to ;
and did a fast forward to the end.do not waste your time with this flick.beware of dvds labeled whitlow film and level path productions.and i am a practicing catholic .
with great soundtrack selection
but it is not the kind of fun ,
disney did a fantastic job with the same source material .
btw- it was funded by the ramtha cult ,
that here was a fitting follow on to the great godfather movie ,
again everything was just about perfect and i could not wait to see godfather iii ... ... ..
the character were weak especially the daughter .
pacino 's protege was a weak character
the pathetic shooting on the step ... .. corleone stuffing sweet down him with orange juice for diabetes
it is an enjoyable film suitable for the whole family
and the song are wonderful .
it centered on the poor chicago-based evan family and their struggle
john amos and esther rolle were the best part of the show .
and had great chemistry as jame and florida evan .
who made up for his lack of subtletly with artistic talent .
who was constantly trading insult with j.j. michael
it was no longer the great ground-eaking show
it has a strong message to the all generation .
it completely cover the time line and evolution of drug use in america in both good and bad way .
who likes awful `` comedy '' show like little mosque on the prairie ?
if the show is good or funny at all
whose idea of comedy is incredibly predictable ,
badly written ,
who have been writing the same joke for the same kind of bad cbc show
but we still have lame duck like this hour has 22 minute and rick mercer
not to mention this poor excuse for `` comedy '' little mosque on the prairie .
this lame show is at all offencive or funny .
only mystery here is how oscar\u00ae winner f. murray aaham got involved with such a lousy script !
this movie is not terrible
a great appreciation of cuisine .
beautiful wife
this is one of my all time favorite .
and this has it ... one of my favorite is
i also really enjoyed walter m.s way of portraying einstein .
and quoting my favorite line as i watch it !
even the humor in c3 is funny
because it is bad .
definitely a high water mark in the 'so bad
if you enjoy the very worst of the worst ,
worst ,
the best story of these five cinderella is that of anita
i literary asked for a refund .
and it is still the worse movie ever found in a video store .
do not waste your money or your time on this movie .
and the horrible music made me sick .
this has got to be the best movie i have ever seen.combine eathtaking cinematography with stunning acting and a gripping plot ,
and the 'love ' scene do not even involve kissing or 'making out'.the message
edison chen does a superb job
playing the part of the murderous pang.i rate this film 10/10 .
shame really - very rarely do i watch a film
and am left feeling disappointed at the end .
i enjoyed the first ... 45 minute ,
if cannon 's character was meant to be annoyingly funny
one measurement for the greatness of a movie is ,
such incredible performance .
having listened to and enjoyed harvey bernhard 's oman ii commentary i was shocked to discover
it is like a really bad tv movie
an excellent depiction of one of the more unwholesome aspect of that era .
i loved the visual
tom hank was really great in this ,
the best he can to see that happen .
a chilling and surprisingly realistic tale of reality tv gone mad .
considering the current state of tv show.the biggest message of all is 'you are being lied to ' .
that bug me is the poorly staged shoot-out
the new dolby 5.1 ex and dts es soundtrack are also amazing .
there constant use of the surround channel to great effect
definitely one of the best re-master i have seen so far .
and were loved.this is a sad ,
the invisible ray is an excellent display of both the acting talent of boris karloff and bela lugosi .
this is a perfectly delightful movie to watch again and again .
beautiful film
10/10 .
the best series has to be
( karisma kapoor )
( sanjay kapoor ) ,
makes them leave their perfect life in canada
and unfortunately for them
which fails to rise above the script .
karisma kapoor is the life of the film
sanjay kapoor is the surprise packet of the film with a sincere and effective portrayal
this is one of the best military film
and it is great because of its focus on value .
it is a great human interest story
and determination.gooding and deniro are superb in the lead role .
it is wonderful to see the master chief 's racism evolve toward respect and love through carl brashear 's determination
this is one of those rare one
the main issue is the horrible acting of the main three girl
and leaves the movie pretty dull .
and does give the film a big lift but sadly
to avoid ,
this is one of worst movie i
this is a great movie ,
i loved vanessa william as rosey ,
it was great .
because it has aged so well as a solid satire on the nature of heroism and the business of war .
( leaving out most of shaw 's best idea )
while the best of shaw has always been his idea and his dialogue rather than his bare plot
there are no `` good guy '' or `` bad guy
getting by on the best of their wit -
of this most traditional and traditionally funny of shaw 's stage satire ,
( somewhat sadly
that many view as shaw 's best ,
they should not be disappointed ,
( and despite the bbc 's uniformly beautiful and well observed physical production ) ,
this is a solid production of a wonderful play
i almost feel like having wasted 2 hour of my life ,
and without too long passage of boredom or waste of time .
i could easily manage to find one hour of walking around or pointless dialogue
its bad.as other have stated i am pretty sure the many 10 's given to this movie are from person somehow
a very funny east-meets-west film influenced by the closure of gm 's flint
it features great performance by michael keaton
the soundtrack was the best part of the movie ,
but poking fun at the nonsense
that were completely annoying .
the entire film was poorly dubbed
however the conclusion will offer no hope for the poor loser
this movie was awful in the worst way :
a string of disappointing effort
an aging magician with cheap trick and tired stage-patter
unfortunately
is the no doubt predictable result of allen 's lengthy sabbatical exposure to london 's ubiquitous jack the ripper landmarks and lore .
the film 's soundtrack is dominated by an arrangement of grieg 's `` the hall of the mountain king
the post-funeral gathering of journalist
to craft a perfect ambiance for a film .
that jack nicholson gives one of the greatest performance i
plus it features the actor with the greatest name of all time
unfortunately the ghost get ted
this is not a bad film
it is as pointless looking for historical accuracy here
filmed on a surprisingly lavish scale
with alexis smith a beautiful romantic sparring partner and perpetual sidekick alan hale along for good measure
collora may have to take some of the credit for poor scripting and direction.second ,
and make them empathetic with the plight of the main character .
the overall effect is rather disappointing .
is because a few of the great number are still able to be enjoyed despite the film 's attempt
and completely unfunny - a major disappointment after schneider 's hilarious performance in `` deuce bigalow
`` the story is stupid :
for two chuckle - 2/10 .
both beautiful and grotesque ... this is what 'art cinema ' was about ,
but i feel the movie to be shallow and pointless .
( though poor mandy should put her clothe back on )
what the film lacks is a compelling story ,
so wonderful to watch .
and simply too dull to be considered worthwhile.save your money ...
i can only recommend this film as a sleeping aid.4/10
this is probably the worst excuse for television programming since
nothing ever happened on this ridiculous `` series '' .
it is mostly just them making stupid
because they were painfully dull together .
i love bad movie .
die like a man are enjoyable action movie .
but this is really bad .
peter and david paul as the barbarian brother kutchek and gore are very funny ,
and they escape very extraordinary way.bad acting ,
bad special effect
very stupid story
bad direction ,
actually everything is bad in this movie .
it is hard to believe an `` action '' packed jet li movie could be so boring ,
whose own inexplicably curious andy is impossible to believe.poor director harold becker is left trying to resurrect an impossibly dead project ,
a superb ensemble cast
tight editing and wonderful direction .
no brains.william h macy and sam rockwell lead an amazing cast .
george clooney should be congratulated for producing this gem .
two or three funny momant .
poor little mcnicol
with her leg problem ... poor little mcnicol ? ? !
was ridiculous .
poor little invalid girl ? ?
this is a great movie .
love is the greatest thing on earth
while standing between two sword is great too .
not to mention superb special effect for the 90s .
it is a great project for miike to channel his boundless imagination
some of the special effect are great though
was *meant* to look really cheap ,
though mai takahashi made an even greater impression
his fighting incredible !
that is never boring !
if you like fighting movie with incredible non stop action
overrated bestsellerist like king
is actually not near as bad
but there is actually some surprisingly impressive touch :
leading to totally pointless subplot of rapist teacher ,
this is a great adaptation and a great miniseries in its own right .
( after the first episode the pace is perfect )
yes the law is drawn very badly in bleak house .
it fails the descendant of jarndyce
it fails the deceased tom jarndyce and rick carstone and all
it fails miss flyte .
of how to destroy a great script .
then update the production with bland
gone are the close bond between keye and neff and the erotic attraction between neff and phyllis.the look of jack smight 's take on `` double indemnity '' is more `` dynasty '' than film noir .
crenna fails to capture the cynicism of neff ,
eggar is little better and lacks sensuality and the depth
is that even a great script and great dialog can be ruined with poor casting
because viewing it only underscores the 100 % perfection of the original movie .
this movie was by far the worst movie
it was poorly made
it was a waste of my time and money .
was the best part of the movie .
this was honestly an awful movie
how badly it was put together .
the audio was awful
because it show 's how awful it truly is .
excellent
great fun
it is so gratifying to see one great piece of art
if you loved bulgakov 's book you would be
so now my favorite book and movie have the same title .
i have seen much worse ,
while the acting was not terrible ,
but not great
unfortunately
.the greatest failure of this movie was the complete lack of any twist turn
this movie is great ,
made for some fantastic dialogue and sillines .
to replace this short-lived gem .
it is the worst thing
and i have seen some bad movie in my time .
it unless you like to waste your cash !
unfortunately
it is a great tragedy
to find 'the great inland sea ' the stuff of local legend ,
harris is worth watching for a wonderfully hammy
local legend start to circulate about a 'great white ape ' and jane hears the famous yodel .
this is probably not a bad thing .
harris and his caravan eventually reaches the great inland sea ,
the chimp here make you miss cheetum badly .
especially when they do ridiculous thing like ride on the back of elephant and clap their hand
that the great wooden ape gets his girl and *spoiler* harris gets himself impaled on a huge elephant tusk !
good or bad deserve more than four comment ?
and this movie is not bad at all.the first thing
as a supposedly bad boy
boone does turn in a surprisingly good performance as nick .
arthur o'connell is the perfect choice for the role .
jeannette nolan is a lot of fun as henrietta ,
great to listen to
and quite funny at time .
is equally entertaining.the best thing about april love ,
with the title song april love being the best of them .
you will find the whole film beautifully photographed
best of all is how the dislike between nick and jed is portrayed as each try in some way
will never be confused with great cinema .
they are fun
they always have a positive message along with fun entertainment .
dee dee is a wonderful singer ,
she has a great voice .
moe is a great dancer .
our favorite song is the bird song .
who initiate poor naive debbie rochon into their clique .
easily the best b-rate actress in the business today ,
and found it to be funny
and found it to be almost as funny but just as heartwarming and entertaining .
and contains many message of real life .
( i found only the egyptian one disappointing ) .
i found sean penn 's piece one of the very best in the collection
i never laughed so hard at a horror movie before ... a ridiculous plot with 3 character
you want to watch an absolutely written horror movie with stupid dialog
messed up plot
wasted character
bad sound and lousy development overall ,
and to sit through it for the entire duration makes you either stupid
this movie was horrible .
and some funny part in the movie .
the little kid in this movie is annoying ,
and the nudity itself is lame and nasty .
has not been in such bad movie in the past ,
should be ashamed.the best song is `` stay away ''
it is one of the greatest movie
that you could escape your dull and stressful life at school or work
it is just the incredible adventure
it is instead quite possibly one of the best depiction of the inside of a child 's mind i have ever seen .
not only is the artwork beautiful ,
but the use of perspective from the kid ' eye is just amazing ;
or the incredible sense of height from looking down at the ground or ocean
the absolutely perfect person for him right from the very start .
more and more of their true adventurous childhood spirit comes out through their kind word and beautifully realistic facial expression .
it is perfect for those
who have no expectation from having already seen the incredible otherworldliness of some of his more recent work.even the ending song of the film ,
and a wonderful escape from reality for any adult
and was bitterly disappointed .
that straight away.my other gripe are that some of the situation just seem ridiculous ,
compared to song in previous manmohan desai movie i found the song rather disappointing .
and have loved his movie since i was a child .
maria bello is always great .
unfortunately for the audience
bad thing happen ,
they had a great time
the graphic were the best i
as for me i felt i wasted 2 hour
i 's still a fun scary movie
my favorite part : a guy gets so scared
but whatever.4/10 star
or 7/10
if you like bad americana .
this still is the best routine .
`` damon wayne last stand '' is also funny in a tearful way -
all the joke are funny ,
and the time limit of 70 minute is perfect .
but unfortunately it fall short in its attempt .
it lacks the humor of a successful parody .
unfortunately
a whole lotta bad movie !
the dialog and the performance are awful
dreadful
very bad
terrible
a complete waste of time .
only an absolutely boring story
playing a ridiculous senseless game
insulting each other in a very sordid way .
but the plot and the twist are so ridiculous
predictable
mediocre and unbelievable
do not waste your time or money on this garbage ,
( awful )
was fast-forwarding not only through dull
clich\u00e9d dialog but even dull
they are both bland .
the best part of the film
are june haver 's beautiful costume and great body .
i was expecting bad sex joke and farting and a pathetic lead character
surprisingly original movie about a decent
but it is done much in the spirit of bad santa rather than sorority boy .
it would be nice to ruin one of the best show
they are all bad ,
she moans about how terrible man are ;
that man are all `` bad ''
a ) she is a bad judge of male character
that man are indeed all `` bad '' .
that all man are `` bad '' except for kindly old man
even the supporting male character are all `` bad '' ;
terrible `` bad '' man ,
the film is hilariously funny ,
i enjoyed this movie intensely .
the ensuing comedy is too funny to describe
one of the best foreign film i have seen in year .
this movie has always been a favorite of mine
and it is too bad
( poor video quality
it was still an engaging and fascinating movie to watch .
an amazing aspect of this film is just how many of its star ,
and is still is a tragically beautiful inspiration .
this film is an excellent example of the triumph of content and style over empty-headed flashing light and constant loud noise.essentially ,
but unfortunately rarely achieved :
matthew jacobs has done a fantastic job of transposing the story of catherine storr 's novel 'marianne dream ' successfully to a screenplay .
will undoubtedly know.the casting is excellent ,
that is rarely seen now ;
explosion and fire fight eak out around them is a genuinely rare treat ,
and not the spoon-fed tabloid reader - apart from a solid script
without insulting your intelligence
bad move .
this was so horrible ,
poor excuse of character .
i feel bad putting this movie down ,
it was made on a cheap budget ,
and it became a cult classic and a franchise.2/10 .
the beauty of this film is evidenced in the great portrayal of the power of a mother 's love
lives a poor and highly violent lifestyle
the location are amazing ,
the music is wonderful ,
it is beautiful .
its dialogue are superb and intelligently written ,
a great deal of positive moment
karisma kapoor is eathtaking and very believable as nandini .
is simply incredible .
one of the greatest actor indian cinema has seen ,
another great performance comes unsurprisingly from india 's most underrated actress
sanjay kapoor is just adequate
and shahrukh khan provides great comic relief .
you will soon understand.pretty disappointing special effect and rather goofy premise .
are not so bad ,
but the lame plot
probably the best of the numerous sequel greenlighted ,
this film is harmless escapist fun .
where every single character is written and played as being so stupid
and while they were not the most amazing movie
that this was an acceptable use of studio fund and production resource ?
there is so much wrong with this movie that i can not write a really comprehensive review of it because it would exceed the maximum allowed word on this forum so i will just touch on the biggest thing wrong with it.the plot is generic uninspired and stupid and character are all about as interesting as watching paint dry for eighty minute but the biggest thing
he does not even try to make any of his joke funny
as i mentioned above most of the rest of the cast are horrible
even though some of them have been in some really great tv show
just hangs around on screen and wastes what talent he does have by being in this film.maybe the next film in this series will just be a soft core porn with a story line
and get an r rating this movie goes all out with pointless nudity vulgarity and pointlessly offencive sexual content
that it was part of a death scene that had a silicone casting of a east in it ) to avoid getting an x rating and he had no other choice but to do it or the film would not have been released
before it gets any stupider more crass and offensive ,
i could really learn some great new thing .
in improving the planet.this show should be called nagging with rachelle.since ed is such a great font of information
i was merely expecting another mediocre soft core copy of the much imitated `` emmanuelle '' series starring sylvia kristel .
the beautiful and exotic chai lee .
the beautiful doctor seems ok with this arranged marriage .
the film takes a surprisingly dramatic and depressing turn as this proud ,
where his beautiful emy is working as a prostitute !
he has a whole miniature forest built out of these amazing tree .
that this rare gem has been released finally on dvd .
i must also mention the beautiful cinematography and the bizarre and catchy 70 's soundtrack .
that you are watching something very rare
it makes it all quite annoying .
the dialog through the whole script is very weak ;
thats how pathetic it is .
then the rest is just bad .
lot of waste of time
that it deal with the issue of racism in the most ham-fisted and predictable way possible
nazi are bad ;
and anti-nazi is not exactly taking a hard stance on a controversial issue.higher learning is predictable
and in a word stupid .
avoid at all cost .
but they have this stupid rule
the sining was terrible and the song even worse .
a roadie for the great 70 's band strange fruit
a lot of 70 's band like strange fruit behaved badly towards woman ,
but overall this is quite enjoyable .
this is quite possibly the worst movie of all time .
to produce this wonderful masterpiece .
the movie gets 1/10 .
this film has some great cast and staff .
and these talented person make an incredibly bad film ,
this film has something more laughable ; its problematic music .
i do not want to say this italianised theme of beverly hill cop per se is particularly bad music ,
probably because of it is poor message .
no message
behind beautiful exploited talents.or do i
the duo find themselves in great danger
what if i were to create a really really cheap and crappy looking dino and crocodile polygon model in maya and then proceed to cut and paste
are person really so stupid
and a great western
not that duryea is stupid enough to fight for the rifle .
in it is a wonderful life
that i have really enjoyed some of his film ,
that the most overrated and annoying director can be both godard and fellini .
fellini has managed to make a story about a sexually compulsive man completely boring and unsexy .
instead of cheap sexual thrill ,
the sex act are choreographed in a silly and annoying way
-- especially since sutherland 's line are all poorly dubbed into italian
unfortunately ,
when the movie is not wrapped up in these boring sexual escapade ,
shown in this dull movie
is that the actress look amazingly like a younger version of fellini 's wife
i absolutely fail to see what is funny in this film .
`` oooo funny !
and the mother being wrongly accused of murder funny but against all odd this one succeeds .
that those thing are bad .
the actor are excellent liam neeson
the setting is amazing .
it is terrible !
if all the character in this film were stupid ,
( so stupid ,
it is funny ... ?
those are funny !
how bad can a script and a director be ? ? ?
this bad .
here are the awful scene in chronological order :
because henry looks awfully ill. bert :
as the five estupido sit around their campfire ,
we will see this forgettable character ... alive !
looking worse
but the young einstein refuse to help the poor sucker .
the fantastic five come out running
that is funny !
which is also a lousy film ,
is way more funnier than `` cabin fever '' .
good.. its entertaining .. you get to see the most stupid plot
is it the worst western ever ?
but `` the last great american western ''
cheesy line come at you in wave ; predictable
if bad dialogue does not bother you ,
then how about bad gunfight ?
and the setting all look great .
if you are looking for the last great american western ,
do yourself a favor - go rent unforgiven instead.3/10
some moment in the movie were unpredictable and rather transfixing ,
but is however surprisingly serious-minded in regard to its leading character .
is not bad ,
but frankly it was a poor choice.maybe this
to carry a weak plot with feeble dialogue .
this beautifully filmed and scripted episode was let down for two reason .
the beautiful jean marsh.the popularity of the sex doll industry in the coming decade could have traced its origin back to this episode
david tennant is such a great actor
he was quite funny
maybe the movie was a bad adaptation of the book ,
poorly dramatized
and eventually deteriorated to jar-jar 's annoying silliness.the agricultural detail were apparently drawn by someone
the voice actor deserves most of the blame in that case ;
and acquires a great power
it has a great cast .
carrie-anne moss was great in a true departure from her day as trinity .
the kid were also great .
this is one god-awful flick .
but sadly it was to showcase the shoestring budget of this movie .
but the movie is shot entirely on boring
although if this movie were given a million dollar makeover and redone the story and boring acting and lame everything could not keep this movie afloat .
about creating what is practically a cheap knockoff of redneck zombie ?
earth-shattering.zombie '90 extreme pestilence is as bad
think about it.getting too specific with the story would be a waste of time .
or not this was originally meant to be funny
that was worse than this ,
you have no standard in what you look for in a bad movie ,
1/10 updated 7/5/09 :
arising from intergenerational conflict through elliptical narrative and subtle imagery .
though surprisingly no mention of either `` tokyo story '' or `` early summer ''
it is chock full of those cop clich\u00e9s and a very poor script with hole a truck could drive through
lou diamond phillip is the over-confident bad ass cop
who sends baddie serial killer kober to the gas chamber
of possessing every weak minded person
through in the mix a very poorly realized psychic
but enjoyable as such
some bad review here for this and i understand why
( much worse )
if you are looking for a great mind control movie ,
this satire is about as subtle as a ick to the face or a bullet to the head is more apropos for this scenario .
what is subversive or subtle about seeing a military guy masturbating to death and destruction ?
furthermore the acting is uniformly horrible
and you have the worst
the movie '' is still a great watch .
to once again portray their character and ing closure to an incredible program .
i enjoyed being left with a mystery
that you did not waste your new year 's day
that at least has some redeeming
does the best she could with the material
what you get is sort of like a film-strip version of the cliff note of the books.it not all bad
what it could have been like with decent funding.this movie
have seen so bad movie ,
i have seen so really bad movie ,
to see why anyone with any dignity would appear in this.i got it really cheap ,
unfortunately
to set the time-line.i enjoyed the movie
however i was disappointed on both count .
and and just not very funny ,
and learn to write some actual funny material
this is hands down the worst film i
what a sad way for a great comedian to go out .
this is surprisingly above average slasher ,
that is enjoyable and well made
and the story is quite fun ,
plus molly ringwald played the annoying bitch extremely well .
and it was surprisingly worth it ,
plus i loved the mask the killer wore
as i loved
while predictable was very amusing as well ,
except for ringwald were surprisingly pretty likable ! .
this killer did not mess around ,
and i loved it ,
this is a surprisingly above average slasher ,
that is enjoyable ,
job here with solid camera work ,
the acting is solid ! .
nonetheless she did an excellent job ! .
frank robert is fantastic as the killer ,
and this guy did not mess around ,
he was fantastic ! .
he does a great job
and he does an amazing job .
he was quite clearly the best character in the movie.this was certainly a performance
-- and in term of the conglomeration of character placed him sadly on a back burner .
that he did not was disappointing and a true let-down .
his portrayal of a young journalist was poorly acted and unpersuasive .
these scene are typically unrealistic and painfully predictable .
of what you would typically expect in a good-cops/bad-cops conflict --
the greatest similarity is to `` dead like me ''
this show never stopped being funny and charming ,
but it was still a surprisingly good and intelligent movie .
i would have liked to see what happened next.7/10
and it also pays homage to film noir.it is quite a psychologically complex film
it is slightly predictable at time
the acting is superb- especially joe mantegna- but someone
but also sport a bad 80 's hairdo .
jim carrey was perfect for the part all in all a great movie
in which it won an award for best picture .
with an excellent cast
my favorite performance were from youssef kerkour
there are some great effect with dragonfly and cockroach ,
does an excellent job with direction .
the audience loved this movie .
pyare mohan can be safely included in the blacklist of one of the worst-ever film
is sadly losing his ball quickly in hindi cinema .
avoid the film if possible .
i gave it a 8/10 .
( voiced by diedrich bader ) ,
as their food supply.the gags in this movie are very funny .
this mess is so bad
debbie rochon 's talent is completely wasted in this film .
the rest of the actor look like porno wannabe and the plot is so lame i will not even mention it.do yourself a favor and skip to the end credits
you have a really `` bad '' movie .
the endless bound of our inhumanity to our own kind never fails to stun me .
and the reason i gave this film only 8/10 ,
weak and rather lame .
the two are not exactly on the best of term
the movie is still bad
almost house of the dead bad ,
it is not the worst movie out there ,
every once in a while in the wonderful world of horror ,
but it never fails to happen ;
that is nothing short of pure perfection .
the brit know their subtlety ,
the script is stupid and not funny at all
that is not funny ,
that is pathetic.low budget 'effect '
with horrible cinematography .
let alone funny.this movie is not even in the so-bad-it-is-funny category .
it is just bad ,
as if everybody involved was sick of it.avoid .
( never even saw `` bad news bear ''
who have gone on to great career
being in a less than great movie early on .
and just that title is funnier than all of `` tiger '' attempt at humor combined .
although this movie has some weakness ,
last year match was a thrilling affair with six of the best wwe had to offer .
2006 was a predictable and disappointing affair
and big vis tasted defeat against the wasted shelton benjamin with a little help
they do not get much worse than this .
the fight scene are terribly choreographed.the audio in the movie was pretty poorly recorded
and poorly edited .
cinematography is not great either .
she is easily the best actor in the movie
( bad fight scene notwithstanding ) .
who despaired looking at the emptiness and weakness of disney studio ' last production ,
where you sadly regret
succeeds in avoiding all the imperfection
no weak part
( close to perfection in its imitation of reality ) ...
living in the fear of a few bad guy hire gunman
that a bug 's life is the funniest and best directed of all .
the humanisation process has been perfectly well achieved ...
especially for the last 30 second ... it is so strange and great at the same time
who made a great synchro work on this movie .
he is without a doubt from the best of america .
so being insulted by the movie
felt even worse
and even the use of the usually interesting locale of reno is as dull as the rest of the goings-on.it is something like several snl bit all pieced together ,
none individually too great at all
and the overall presentation even worse.whatever
compared with his usual work.think of the three superb ,
'' `` bandit '' and `` bad santa
at the time i enjoyed the filming
unfortunately the producer never decided to transfer this movie to vhs ,
but i really enjoyed it the movie at the time .
because i am trying to work my way through a list of the `` great . '' )
ford is determined to bury it under over-acting and cheap sentiment .
as bad
that were funny .
this is that perfect movie they would show on comedy central .
were funny just do not seem as funny
this is not the worst movie i have ever seen ,
when i have seen a worse one .
and a bad one at that .
to fictitious crash victim was lame ,
avoid this one at all cost ,
this movie are going to be bad.after
what a pathetic movie .i almost did not finish watching this bad movie ,
that some bad filmmaker wane bee got even financed
to make this pathetic movie ,
all you need are a cheap camcorder or a cell phone camera .about 15 person with no acting skill
that were written by a couple of drunk person.in the fist part of this ultra bad move a reporter
telling tara zombie story.the fist of his stupid lame story must be the worst in history.his storysgt .
after letting the poor soldier private wilson do sit ups
and kill them for taking revenge on his behalf.the twist ending were so lame.even
i found this to be quite enchanting and beautiful in it is perverse tone .
not the greatest horror film i have ever seen ,
but it is certainly a lot of fun .
and the worst of all
this movie is none of the above.normally i do not bother with writing bad review for film but i can not believe
their search lacks any suspense-again
it was all pretty much pointless .
that culminates in one funny scene
this was bad .
( the lead is a combination of the worst of woody allen/paul provensa/reiser )
were just sickeningly bad .
while it is not exactly great ,
andrew lau did manage to pull off something enjoyable .
and i rarely give 1 's .
even for the lamest of movie i look for thing like music
but there is absolutely nothing redeeming here .
watching to see what insultingly stupid bit it would come up with next .
but let 's have some fun and pull this baby apart ,
it is obnoxious .
it is worse :
so bad you can see the sweat .
that have been funny and thus ,
`` whipped '' are not funny .
to sell them cheap
this is a great film for mccartney 's and beatle fan !
quite amazing :
and was its best track ) ,
`` fame is great cause
i loved watching severed .
that is why igave it a 1/10 star
ifyou enjoy watching bad film
in order to poke fun at them ,
which at first was fun to watch ,
the way she was torturing him for an engagemant ring and the way
as beautiful as she is ,
how best to describe just how awful this movie is ? ?
it is not very funny .
add a bunch of musician impersonating actor - meat loaf is horrible
and deborah harry is even worse .
pity poor art carney ,
that this is going to be a `` b '' movie or perhaps worse .
by being worse than poor.let 's just say this .
against which all bad movie are compared .
and none are worse than roadie .
it was therefore very refreshing to see something resembling historical accuracy coming from that side of the atlantic
and how how whatever act are committed in war only eed worse act
that is friendhip.with great
acting an intelligent and very funny script and the great monica evan and carole shelley as the british pigeon sister
is priceless and jack and walter are fantastic with a great chemistry.also
made into a successful and equally funny tv series with jack klugman as oscar and tony randall as felix .
i can not even begin to describe how bad this movie truly is .
why did the ending suck so badly ?
was enjoyable to me
of how horrible this movie truly is ,
he is a terrible actor ,
everyone had fun making this movie ,
it is horrible ,
its main fault is that it is just so ****ing boring ,
and its plot is so damn ridiculous
it would be funny ,
to see how bad it is .
it would be boring in any other movie ,
sadly
soderbergh 's untrue endeavor into neo-noir .
soderbergh remake robert siodmak 's decent noir criss-cross faithfully
however the adaptation drains it of every ounce of its state-of-the-art film noir atmosphere ,
who would later make wonderful crime film like out of sight and the ocean 's series with great style and atmosphere ,
nightclub have terrible ,
and less boring had it a few saving grace like a good score
unfortunately
that disposition works wonderfully
sofia and her stubborness good and bad
it would be great ! !
the graphic are great for ps1
that i love bad movie almost as much as i love great one ,
that i have finally seen one of the all-time legendary bad movie :
the almost indescribable mess
an adaptation of gore vidal 's best-selling book
the star-studded myra breckinridge is truly a movie so bad
not surprisingly
the film went on to gain a near-legendary cult status among lover of bad cinema ,
.perhaps sarne is not the only one to blame
and teach the school 's resident bad boy
( or worse ,
as if this were not bad enough ,
but i would give myra breckinridge a 4/10
appears so hell-bent in turning her poorly-written part into something meaningful
has some funny momants ,
rex reed is not bad for a non-actor ,
but that is part of what makes it fun for those of us
who love bad cinema .
i do not mind low budget movie with bad acting
this was intentional to make the women conspiracy seem more enjoyable and founded ,
but they were even worse .
and the unfunny sarcastic remark .
i did not find anything redeeming about this movie other than some of the attractive women.never have i felt
but i just did not want anyone else to get their hope up/waste their time .
but sadly are never answered .
but this one is an undeniably excellent slice of british horror cinema .
whom horror fan will recognise as one of lee 's co-star in the greatest british horror film of all time ;
the same setting was used to great effect in the excellent 1966 horror film
and seeing him avoid an axe-wielding madman is a treat for the horror fan .
which is without doubt the best of the omnibus .
portrays his character with a great degree of sinisterness ;
the ending to this section is superbly played out ,
that is no bad thing however as the majority of the humour is funny
and this is a very solid horror film indeed .
reading the book is like watching a magnificent ballet with great music
while wearing a not-very-auspicious white japanese funeral shroud .
setting or even letting a fire eak out is worse than murder
moag house fire - great adjunct to a fight scene
that are not predictable and filled with overacting ,
this was the best muppet movie i have seen ever !
because that stupid nickelodeon show hey dude song still remains in my head .
my absolute favorite is the play at the end .
i proclaim this is the best movie
which was my favorite movie !
absolutely laughable film .
it is ridiculous .
and not have access to a mobile phone in this day and age ... the worst
not familiar with perhaps i could have enjoyed it through ignorance ,
possibly the most disappointing film i ever thought
in order to avoid the heat as well horde of coarse person
it is always a pleasure to watch a funny ,
that is perfect to allow one
dan in real life is definitely a solid
but this was by no means a bad thing .
this was actually more enjoyable than the overblown song and dance number we`ve
was by no means a bad presenter
while a beautiful mind undeservingly picked up most of the major prize except for best actor
were the award for best supporting actress and best supporting actor
cooper looked like he was having a great old time kidding his image.this is the oldest of clich\u00e9s
enjoyable
you are only presented with the best and most assured direction from each party.debating
it nearly becomes a pastiche of sin city \u0096 a refreshing eerie and visual turn in an otherwise fairly grounded film .
( portman - for once not annoying )
that it is insulting to international viewer .
suwa also directs a poor and fluffy segment with an unusually haggard-looking juliette binoche
that it is unavoidable to pick a favourite and a least favourite .
highly recommended both to mainstream of `` pretentious ''
enjoyable from beginning to end .
the acting was horrible
who leaves the perfect hollywood life
to pursue a not so subtle or perfect career .
the movie is well made and enjoyable
there are many wonderful aspect to this film ; however ,
good backdrop for solid story and some memorable line
simply is not good or funny enough .
original and funny moments.of course there also is very little story present and the movie nude east than script page .
and gets executed so poorly in the movie
there even is a message and moral story
and poorly done in the movie
ever watching this.3/10
a beautiful young woman with strong opinion ; yali
that from both the comedic and the tragic aspects the audience completely believes in these beautiful young person .
the dubbing really was not all that bad though .
the voice stuck true to the dull
hitting a terrible low point .
no search for or display of great insight .
this movie could be enjoyed by both male and female and by all age group .
and there is some great dialogue between gary cooper and jean arthur two very watchable star
i loved the story .
what great music on the soundtrack .
subtle depth
that is what was perfect about this film .
and he conveyed to me perfectly what it was that he was feeling ,
that again.beautiful film.i gave it an eight out of ten .
in what is arguably the best outdoor adventure film of all time ,
that makes this film so amazing.another strength
all convey an environmental message .
cinematography is excellent .
ned beatty is perfectly cast
if there is a weak link in the film ,
with some friend of mine and we have a lot of fun !
( and alberto tomba is absolutely the best ) ,
though it is by no mean weak overall .
helping the poor and from this set up spins a tale encompassing tragedy
it is a fairly predictable plot
whilst the ruling system fuels the exploitation of the poor .
while solid work comes also from rentar\u00f4 mikuni and an effectively baleful k\u00f4 nishimura
i enjoyed this one ,
and is not one of the best of the series
recommended for fan of the series ,
classy stuff though not a true great .
predictable plot
boring belushi
and possibly the worst kid actor of all time .
jim belushi should be ashamed to trade on the name of his wonderful
sadly missed other ,
this is the best
the cast is excellent ,
the writing is great .
there is a favorite character for everyone
as most tv is awful .
this show in my opinion was right up there with my favorite greys anatomy and brother and sister .
and the winning show with great potential always get dumped right away .
it was so refreshing to have a new idea for a show
and then to hire excellent actor ,
the recent episode was the best one yet
this movie was recommended to me by a friend .
and found the film pretty enjoyable
this will not be boring '' ,
making the ending a slight disappointment .
but it is probably a rare find in the united state .
casting is excellent
rarely do i see a film
and the scenery was beautiful .
i recommend this funny ,
it is amazing that a motion picture
the 'modern ' segment is weakly written .
is poor science fiction at best .
mediocre acting bog down this film .
constantly slow and boring .
and the unintentional humour.the film opens with some truly bad and unconvincing gay banter between our go-lucky and happy character
and then we have some more bad dialog ,
and after that some more great action .
and so bad
soon after this display of awful dialog-writing
we are witness to a spectacular and excellently shot hijack of an airplane .
but it is mindless fun at its best .
and fun ,
the script is this bad
the very enjoyable 'higher and higher '
is quite funny .
-- one of their weakest --
is perhaps the least enjoyable song in this movie 's score ;
that this film gives us a rare chance to see her close-up ,
to hear her beautiful singing voice and to notice
is also wasted.very well-represented here is dooley wilson ,
less enjoyable is mel odious
victor borge gives a rare film performance here ,
'higher and higher ' is nobody 's idea of a 'great ' musical ,
but it is an enjoyable delight ,
and i will rate it 8/10 .
marcus assume greater and greater significance .
it will be at a terrible price ,
and the great irony of the film is
it is greatly to the first-time feature director eric vallette 's credit
malefique benefit from excellent performance and
were all from `` planet earth '' .we were very very disappointed ,
is superb in giving instruction to kibbee ;
'' is the nearly perfect way
the greater the chance he
the acting is mediocre
but everything about this waste of film is horrible .
the character are either unlikable or stupid ,
no matter how bad they are ,
the 'vapoorize ' thing is sort of amusing at first .
but even ben and jack are used poorly ;
the two best performance by far are rachel weisz and chris walken .
and weisz is about the best actress in the business
and then goes to ridiculous length
the screenplay is painfully bad and the acting of the two lead poorly directed .
`` lame.compare this with documentary like `` the corporation '' or `` the fog of war ''
in the end each delivers a poignant and insightful message deftly
while npr 's liberal dogma strait-jacket its interviewee and dramatically limits its permitted message .
but sadly due to right issue ,
( featuring what some exploitation fan call the greatest gang rape on film of all time ) ,
sadly
the cast and crew took advantage of cheaper labor
( poor cheeta is left behind ) .
the talent involved lifted the overall product at least a little above the total mess
it is fun
it all culminate during the school big football game.i expected this to be one of those 'so bad
legitimately funny .
roz kelly as tony 's lusty former flame
watching just for the subtle humour in insight into life and lifestyle almost forty year ago .
but unfortunately for them the script did not alow them
this film is awful .
except it is even more predictable and slow
i was extremely disappointed with this film .
fall into the film category of `` way too ridiculous in the dialogue and execution departmant
they are bad ,
what a waste of acting talent .
these actress are too good to have wasted their time on this crap .
beautiful scenery and costume can not keep this one alive .
it is political stance is wonderfully ambiguous .
( a great `` bicycle thief '' homage '' )
an enjoyable batman animated film .
but solid nonetheless .
the trend continues here.7.5/10
this show is one of the worst show of all time !
mad tv.it an hour of mad magazine joke witch are not funny to begin with ,
told by terrible john stewart wan na bee .
that portrayed european as bad person
as poor little innocent thing .
but you will have an enjoyable and entertaining time
by the end of the movie myia not only deflower but give poor innocent and naive trent a lesson
roy is either too drunk or stupid
to be intentionally or unintentionally funny
getting trent to drive her all over the north-east miya gets the poor slob drunk
with one of them ending up badly injured ,
obnoxious movie with a truly disturbing final ending
but if you are not made of time to watch bad idea on screen
everyone in the cast is amazing from sutherland
put the blame on executive producer wes craven and financiers the weinstein for this big-budget debacle :
this is nothing more than your typical girl-with-a-bad-childhood-obsessively-stalks-married-man film .
but it is a great story ,
where great i like this film
and they have greater muscle mass and upper torso strength .
this sexual bifurcation is the result of the perfectly normal process of natural selection .
she are not bad .
which it rarely does.this film lacks any meaning
the location is excellent
so unfortunately all
that goes to waste.it is nothing new .
another predictable modern 'horror ' ,
consistently does the stupid `` hey ,
it is boring and gets predictable .
avoid .
and made everyone look bad ,
anyone wanting to talk contact sevencard2003 on yahoo messenger.i admit
but lest not forget this gem
that is not so much incredible
( though for 1956 it does look quite amazing
what happens from this is even more fascinating ,
perhaps the most unforgettable image for me is the monster realized on screen with the crew firing to no avail
that it looks out of fantasia.the acting from pidgeon is subtle :
but also excellent
providing some great comic relief as the cook
helps with one of the funniest scene in the film with those gallon of bourbon robbie provides ) .
is beautiful in its `` tone '' .
when it is meant to be funny ,
and when we are made to think about a horrible situation ,
i should have loved 1408 .
i walked out disappointed.this
because the premise of the movie puts cusack in the `` guy in a locked room '' scenario.this was not a bad movie ,
it was a muddied mess
that was fun
an incoherent mess with a gratingly deafening sound track
( the generic melissa sagemiller )
until we reach the predictable conclusion .
which i watch at least once a year - this movie is excellent in every aspect
the positive tone toward technology and progress is quite refreshing by today usually pessimistic standard - especially the finishing scene
and they made it even worst by pretending to be something else .
looking all weird and annoying .
after collaborating with many great director
he is not bad
lucy liu is dreadfully awful as violet .
her acting is a mess .
if forgettable motion picture
who fund the project
is one of the worst actor to ever appear on screen - and yes ,
you are the best . ''
that includes dysfunctional as one of the child .
the script is very strong with some excellent scene between husband and wife hoffman and tomei
and lumet is obviously having fun in directing a style he usually does not delve in .
this is a rare movie
brendan filone is the absolute best character in the sopranos .
this was the best
brendan filone is the best character .
brendan filone is the best character on sopranos !
brendan filone is the best character ever .
and wants to see good death scene and great directing and producing ,
brendan filone is the best .
mister tom ' cliched and obvious and john thaw 's accent conjured up a picture of ronnie barker of the two ronny with a straw in his mouth doing his `country bumpkin ' accent.incidentally my wife enjoyed this movie for all the reason
kareena kapoor
anil kapoor and akshaye kumar ,
`` tashan '' has to be one of the worse film
the scenery is good and kareena kapoor
unfortunately
while kareena kapoor played her part well .
but this can not be said for anil kapoor -
bad movie
one of the best
amazing book adaptation
in short - everything an excellent horror should be ... my favorite horror movie
this movie is absolutely horrible ,
which rarely happens to me .
are their worst characteristic .
that he is a bad actor ,
is truly laughable .
that the greatest desire of the wretched duo is to become `` true '' american ?
instead he bores us with interview throughout the movie like in a cheap tv show ,
comparing `` firepower '' to `` willpower '' at the end of the movie was one of the worst line i
this is one of my favorite film of all time .
the acting is fantastic
where everything is pulled together for a great ending .
and andrew davis does a great job
a not bad
but also not so great heist film .
he recruits circus gymnast giuliano gemma .
dougla and gemma soon find themselves pursued by mafia goon romano puppo as well as entangled in a really goofy love triangle with dougla 's infinitely patient girlfriend
and there is at least one excellent and creative car chase sequence
involving puppo and gemma .
and the cinematography is by the great tonino delli colli ,
lazy and stupid .
it does not apply where the wife of the dictator desires to sleep with some stupid scrawny irresponsible white boy .
and there never was such a guy.gillian anderson looks incredible and sounds more british than most brit .
whitaker gives a great expansive magnetic performance
the `` man in white '' movie is definitely one of the funniest
if not the funniest ,
there are ton of funny gag and joke here ,
what dimwit from san francisco came up with this stupid plot ,
bad as korea
they were `` proxy war '' fought to keep the superpower from a direct engagement.this film makes me think
paul is true perfection
the movie is beautiful to watch .
it is too bad
the screenplay is not bad
gooding jr. is not bad
9/10
probably the perfect time
a very good companion piece to this excellent movie is `` white shadow in the south sea ''
why i was doing so..because the movie is so ridiculous and blah and poorly scripted
he is definately one of the all time great .
as any other lead.the song and dance routine are all perfection .
because of debbie reynold uplifting performance.full recommendation.8/10 star .
'arm and the man ' is one of shaw 's funniest play
and the whole play is generally a happy one.highly recommended .
not an awful film and hackman and washington are their usual illiant ,
but then you probably would not have a film.4/10
its richard gere and claire 's dane 's most important and best work .
and without charm.george sander was a superb character actor .
known for his philosophy and great good look .
carole landis fare best .
it could be fun with the cool
they are stupid cartoonish idiot with annoying high pitched modulated voice .
the acting is terrible .
i really enjoyed this film .
the black and white photography is perfectly appropriate
widmark and peter have great chemistry in their difficult romance .
strongly recommended
9/10 .
the costume design was great .
it is superbly acted with a wry sense of humor
highly recommended .
who is an excellent spanish talent
( something hard to find now day with all the bad novela over acting ) .
unfortunately ,
this wonderful play contain ,
and took away many excellent scene ,
an excellent play
terrible .
this was a real waste of money
this is not among jimmy stewart 's best film
surprisingly enough for the time
who was not about to waste the star in a third-rate flick .
it is worth seeing but not especially great .
but it is not recommended
the acting is great ,
the ending was not predictable ,
being too simple or too boring .
what a great barbara stanwyck film
`` jeopardy '' was fantastic .
that is anything less than wonderful ?
this was horrible .
there is bad ,
in which john heard did a fantastic job .
heard play such a great bad guy with a lot of screen time ,
too bad .
and hire him as lead bad guy again ,
and in fact the entire cast are totally wasted .
lame joke abound ,
avoid this and seek out one of `` lampoon 's '' truly funny film like `` national lampoon 's golddigger '' - merk
this is widely viewed in australia as one of the best cop dramas ever produced here ... and for my money
the best scene is a graphic oom handle masturbation
this movie is a boring
amateurish mess
and the production is amazingly sloppy .
who is surprisingly effective as arthur ,
this movie would have no redeeming quality at all .
movie with terrible computer generated
and absolute waste of time ,
or we are all in for another big disappointment.and regarding rental ,
but ... wow ... this was bad .
king gives the best performance of the film .
other than that ... wow ... bad .
as well there are some fascinating smaller part
( 'spoorloos ' and 'the vanishing ' ) .
somewhat dull person ,
egon is 'the ' dull intellectual ,
such one-dimansional person rarely exist ;
the adaptation excel in its beautiful cinematography
they are so predictable
that it becomes annoying .
a terrible film
the big bad swim has a low budget ,
bbs delivers a solid
enjoyable
this is a great vehicle movie in the tradition of abbot and costello or more recently don knotts .
it even has a simple and kind moral message at no extra charge .
i always loved elvira 's tv show
this sort of mythic character belong to whoever does it best ;
and cassandra peterson does it best .
was also excellent .
he exudes a wonderful refined malice .
they were met with cheer and thank from the now gay man of the planet.subtle ,
it may not be the absolute worst thing
certainly not horrible
the beloved country
the beloved country seems to have no idea
( except that i did enjoy the novel more than i enjoyed the film )
it was not that bad
( but that can be blamed on he screenwriter
the painfully misplaced and boringly pastoral orchestra track really help with this dulling down of the film .
with many rather good or great shot
but unfortunately
it is too bad
lamented 1960s series with mike pratt and kenneth cope ,
and did little to mask the poor quality of the script and dialogue .
and less than subtle tension between the two living lead . )
and here i was not disappointed .
i was sadly disappointed .
i found the joke predictable
this was actually my favorite series of scooby doo
some of the best episode were `` i left my neck in san francisco '' ,
some terrible pun and a pair of roller skate
the story itself is not too bad ,
to give away.i would give this a 1.5/10 ,
you want to see a *good* environmental-message movie with no plot ,
but it all fails miserably to create any meaningful connection with the audience .
i gave lady a 5/10 ,
4/10
an excellent movie about two cop loving the same woman .
montand must absolutely find the killer ... and what a great ending !
highly recommended .
and loved actor - her portrayal of a lonely ,
79/100 .
worst dcom i have seen .
maybe not as bad as smart house .
this was just bad .
who is a very funny actress
and that one fight scene.4/10
it is not funny .
it is not even remotely funny .
smiling at the camera like it is the funniest thing ever written .
talking in a very effeminate way about his dull life as a temp .
it is just unfunny humor .
does not make a great movie.this is an obvious attempt
this movie is just plain bad .
it is not even worth watching to make fun of it .
the lunatic professor is just plain annoying .
( which i glady do for the sake of good bad movie )
and allowing for exceedingly stupid victim in a horror movie ,
if you are looking for a good-bad movie ,
if you want to simply waste your time on an annoying bad movie
great camera work and lighting technique .
orson welle is incredible 'the lady from shanghai ' can certainly take the place of 'citizen kane ' .
this movie is excellent .
the acting was also great
since the cast is a gathering of great genre veteran
the film opens with its absolute greatest and most hauntingly memorable sequence ,
though sadly enough they are the only one
to be so boring and uneventful .
a lot of movie-material is wasted on crew member putting film spool in the camera and dragging around cable or \u0096 even worse \u0096 faith domergue and charle macaulay portraying horridly intolerable actor stereotype .
confirming `` house of seven corpse '' is a pretty dreadful movie .
numerous low-budgeted 70 's gem were stunningly gross ,
christopher smith has certainly done a great job with the visual aspect of the film .
the story is rather weak ,
it was a fun ride .
i simpley adore the movie and the cast ... i would give each actor an oscar ... great
great movie ... i
and did not loved it ... also ,
glenn close was fantastic ...
the story was beautiful and sad at the same time ... i loved the fact
that despite everything clara and esteban loved each other so much ,
but in a moment of absolute weakness
-- or maybe i should say for his horrible acting .
after one of the bad guys was shot through the forehead
just awful .
to how bad this flick
unfortunately
the script is bad ! ! !
shade is a waste of your time .
the combination of the superb black and white photography and the 'eugene onegin with a twist ' plot made this a real knock out for me .
there was a superb moment
that often the story is less important than imagery and atmosphere - last year in marienbad is a good example of such a film .
regardless of what personal opinion one may have of walerian borowczyk grotesque yet beautiful gem `` la b\u00eate '' of 1975 ,
that this bizarre gem is an absolutely unique cinematic experience .
why this controversial gem fell victim to stuporous film censor .
the young and beautiful daughter of a wealthy english family .
`` la b\u00eate '' is doubtlessly also stunningly beautiful in style
and the beautiful score and incredible cinematography build an overwhelming atmosphere for this grotesque tale .
the entire cast of `` la b\u00eate '' is fantastic
and all involved deliver great performance in eccentric character
the film profit from an exceptionally beautiful cast ,
( who sadly died of aid in 1999 )
but very highly recommended to fan of controversial and unusual cinema .
a true cult gem !
who in their right mind does anything so stupid as this movie ?
please ... .hypothermic weak thug ... acting from hell ... stylistically this movie shifts between teen comedy
and it is an insult to any thinking person .
walk away it is more horrible
shoot 'em up was fun and funny ,
this is just pathetic and terrible .
talk about bad taste .
sammo copy bruce lee 's fighting move perfectly .
5/10 star .
this had to be one of the most god awful wrestlemania ever
but i enjoyed.but nope
unfortunately i felt
altered is a waste of time ,
with bad
and even worse acting .
there are not many redeeming factor ,
coupled with some cheap scare tactic employed.what is good
there are the usual cheap special effect
this one is less fun ,
one of the main character does something really stupid
for me it is a great turn-off.the reason
and i really enjoyed the performance of all the actor .
i really enjoyed this movie
and i give it a 7.5/10
this film was not only one of john ford 's own personal favorite but also numbered director sergei m. eisenstein and bertrand tavernier among its high-profile admirer .
a beautifully made and pictorially quite poetic piece of work
perfectly cast as a bashful
most notably in franklin j. schaffner 's the best man
a superb but perhaps little-known gem
try to see this movie on the largest tv possible and a great sound system .
the more i like it.it is definitely one of renny harlin 's best movie .
the special effect are great and spectacular .
and it poorly resembles
i blame this on poor screenplay and direction .
( marvelously played by the beautiful rebecca brooke ) ,
constantly eating best gal pal anna
( a superbly moving performance by the lovely jennifer welle )
with excellent support from edward
but never raunchy or tedious .
melodic acoustic folk score are both on the money solid and effective .
recommended viewing for sarno fan .
i still enjoyed it
and loved it ,
was so funny and i adored the cast ,
and were just fantastic ,
that was just fantastic ,
i loved them
she was as bland
it felt like a based-on-real-life scenario in the absolute worst sense :
90 % of daily life is boring ,
excellent film dealing with the life of an old man
earnest message to the converted
would receive faith-based funding ad infinitum ,
that poor giant coach in the apocalyptic finale ,
unfortunately
that is the disappointment.we get little more than the formulaic element of such film but with slow pacing
too bad more time
sadly
this drearily disappointing film only gets a 4 .
that many nomadic and poor turk make
why at the end.highly recommended .
it was a great film
that the ending is sort of disappointing .
i would have loved it to turn out a little different !
and loved it .
still find it a great vietnam movie .
excellent film .
and colorful.election is well made in the enjoyable
in a great performance
where harron recreates betty 's bondage photography session are fascinating and adroitly executed .
errol flynn had one of his favorite role as the ash aggart from a fighting irish family
both flynn and ward bond give what is probably among the best performance
although it is too bad warner did not have more faith in flynn
out.the fighting scene are among the best ever choreographed for the screen
thre is not a single scorsese movie i would place on a list of my favorite movie .
but this is the best thing
scorsese 's patient elucidation of favorite film moment ,
that were popular favorite .
what idea are being explored in their favorite movie .
scorsese is best
this is the best mob film ever made .
this film could have easily been nominated for best picture
hank gives one of his best performance ,
but besides the incredible performance ,
another real star of this film is the incredible music .
this was by far the best score of the year .
this is a great film
did it wonderfully.charis character
that you want to avoid
the frustrating part is that it is 1/3 of a great film .
that the film degenerates into an almost unwatchable mess
oh god where to begin ... ... bad acting ... .character you just do not care about ...
they are driving all night through these wood ... unless they are going around and around they had have been in scotland come the morning.. when the whiny one knocks the poor wandering woman over ... .and they are mobile do not work.. so what do they do ... split up of course ,
how eath takingly beautiful they are ...
rubbish film waste of \u00a32.30 from my local liary ...
edward furlong and christina ricci are an excellent couple
that features a rare situation
it may seem boring or pretentious for some person
that the `` full of grace '' line are really annoying .
this is a total waste of money .
the production is poor ,
the special effect are terrible .
is my all time favorite .
it could not be that bad
with that ridiculous hairdo and costume .
and it is funny to see eva larue callahan
like everything else in this mess
it is just bad .
`` chinese ghost story '' is one of the most amazing hong kong film i
horror and martial arts.the film has some wonderful visual and amazing fights.i love especially the fight scene between wu ma and the tree demon tongue.truly original and refreshing film and another embalmer 's fine recommendation .
though a pretty bad storyline
the plot was bad ? )
but she is just stupid like that .
it is a poor example of independent filmography .
most would agree is very naturally boring .
it is not that fem is downright bad ,
it is rather that it is just downright ... mediocre .
if you have got time to waste
that you have missed some great
it is enjoyable and fast-paced .
as being a naive young country boy.while his was the best performance ,
( an amazingly incovenient title )
is simply a bad movie ;
but the result is that the whole thing is shot in an annoying soft focus .
simply terrible .
with great actor ,
( star war - episode i is my best example )
i loved the first three sw movie ,
episode i was weak in comparison .
`` this is almost too beautiful . ''
each of them perfect in every detail .
beautiful .
i enjoyed every minute of it .
this movie was 100 % boring ,
it was not funny and didnt really hve
it was boring and i hope whoever out there
aside from that this is fun .
i have read some terrible thing about this film ,
so i was prepared for the worst .
a little ambition is not a bad thing .
great fight between peter and the naked devil
some great
( aline mess ) ,
but they do all tend to suffer from the same weakness .
that his film almost invariably end up as a tangled mess
bruce is excellent in this film ,
8/10 .
and shows then avoid this movie at all cost .
to get a refund
it was at best
stupid ,
and at worst ... well ... really stupid .
just a lame attempt to be shocking .
`` intensive care '' was quite bad and very unintentionally funny .
but at least not as bad as i thought
but never a good shocker.spoiler aheadthe fun lies in ridiculous moment .
and asks `` poor peter ,
very funny if you are dutch
it is terrible to the point
of being laughable .
how bad a film can get !
he was right.normally with a film this dreadful i
as it will put every other bad film
made a great god .
although there are a few message
we could all take to heart.a funny film .
what all of these beautiful woman saw in him .
her were absolutely outrageous and ridiculous .
stupid thing
his character was bland and boring.gina gershon 's character was unnecessarily british .
than do a poor british accent
horrible acting
what a mess of a movie .
but the one and only redeeming quality this movie has is that curley is in it .
( and larry 's not bad either ) .
the best thing
this movie sucks on so many level it is pathetic .
the first vampire was fun ,
( the poor man 's kevin bacon )
he picks up some lame `` hunter '' along the way
( including an annoyingly feminist infected girl
and done much better.john carpenter has been responsible for a lot of bad movie lately .
right up until the unbelievably cheap
and now this waste of celluloid .
where are more great like assault on precinct 13
the menu looks awful.by comparison
the performance in this movie were fantastic .
the dialogue was great .
jason patric delivered a fantastic performance as `` kid '' collin in this wonderful adaptation of the jim thompson novel .
this film really stayed true to the pulp fiction/film noir root from
i recommend this movie to all film noir fan .
enjoyed this 1936 film with plenty of veteran classic actor and especially
`` king kong '' gave a great supporting role as a bookie along with jame gleason
this was great entertainment
his scene were very funny in a buster keaton-like performance .
solid directing and nice cinematography .
everything is supposed to be funny ,
but only at how pathetic the whole set-up is .
this is actually one of my favorite film ,
there is some great acting in it and it shows
made me feel bad .
but this poor excuse for a soft-core porno flick is needlessly offensive ,
lacks anything resembling wit ,
at best
worst
special effect are pretty bad ...
and it is laughable at best.the film does have a couple ight spot ...
it has the same weak production value ,
where the sidewalk ends is quite a good film-noir crime drama
and blames it on another person
excellent.rating :
wonderful actor are replete throughout the whole movie
in real life she greatly admired ,
and so warm and enjoyable to behold .
i whole heartily give miss sullivan a perfect 10 in this golden age cinema classic ,
unfortunately
unfortunately
this one is simply stupid and not very funny at all .
it is one of his poorest role .
sadly
it is the best part of the movie ...
but weak and gullible argument .
this has to be the worst piece of monkey s @ #
consisted of cheap cameo outfit and painter outfit from home depot .
was horrible !
( great movie ) .
the fighting and action sequence were pi $ $ poor.bottom line :
unfortunately
( modeled on the great pyramid of khufu ,
would not a floating futuristic pyramid be in perfect condition ? ) .
it does not help that the animation are poor
this is perhaps the best rockumentary ever- a british ,
the plot is great ,
and you can genuinely empathise with some of the events- such as ray 's problem with fitting in the band.the soundtrack is excellent .
and has some genuinely funny section in it .
this documentary on schlockmeister william castle takes a few cheap shot at the naive '50s-'60s environment
-- look at the funny
fun person keep popping up
who looks great ,
best of the best etc ) .
what \u0096 the result is predictable but ultimately satisfying.the fact
may be disappointed \u0096 taekwondo does not deliver the usual flurry of move and acrobatic
this is arguably the worst movie i have ever seen.i get
that happen are not funny ,
only running with scissors was even more dysfunctional and less funny.i will never get those hour back .
one of the best movie out there .
yeah maybe the cinematography was not the greatest
but an excellent plot and concept .
great for the time and illiant and creative idea .
something different from the usual movie and great fun .
one of my favorite and would recommend to anyone who likes creative and imaginative movie .
the actor gave a great performance
the set are not amazing ,
check it out cause i have loved it
it is a great view and very fun .
the script was poorly written
in a bad way .
barring any spoiler i have seen the worse of bad movie
and even they did not end this poorly .
bad acting and ending though ...
who was one of italy 's most ambitious and creative but sadly underrated film maker .
that `` miami golem '' is a lost and undeservedly obscure gem of italian exploitation cinema .
this is a pretty bad movie !
if you accept the stupidity and incoherence of the plot
the acting performance are painfully awful .
there is the unforgettable scene
of that were sadly overlooked at the time and unfortunately
-- not great
but not nearly as bad
alexandra staden as modesty is stunningly beautiful and an excellent choice .
.the van was a perfect example of crown 's hit strategy
a perfect ad line for the film ! there are the usual assortment of `` good '' and `` bad '' girl
red rock west is one of those tight noir thriller
we rarely see anymore .
the best performance was by the late j.t .
walsh was a great character actor
but this was a waste of time
predictable .
framed in rather dull and meaningless scenario .
i really enjoyed this movie .
most of the review have been bad ,
but the rest is just clean fun and very entertaining .
emma robert is a beautiful young lady
emma was so much fun to watch in the role of nancy drew .
which is rare in this day in time .
unfortunately
one of the best effort
has been made completely pointless
silly and equally pointless plot and an inadequate
and his supporting cast are hardly trying their best .
and merely just qualify as boring
inept and terribly bad .
and the set piece look cheap enough to be creepy .
and still it is the best aspect about the entire movie .
johnny dangerously is one of the funniest movie
some of the funny bit are done in passing
it is one of those rare movie
( fast time at ridgemont high
is excellent .
highly recommended .
of course my favorite character was the grandmother
but i loved the way betty davis and her family was portrayed .
seeing the awful thing child
they saw thing child should not see.paul lukas ... dear paul did an amazing job ! ! !
that he go the oscar and bogie did not but hey they both did amazing job so i think
but lukas ' performance was so amazing
annoying and stupid from start to finish .
( good or bad )
also suffers from an intrusive and gawdawful musical score
and from extremely bad writing and direction by vic morrow.of the last 30 older movie
and decide to call it the worst movie ever made .
i have seen a movie so horrible
that i wanted to write about how bad it was
before it was even over.i love bad movie .
jeeper creeper and most horrible horror movie were good .
if someone reading my review wastes their money
are bad.the acting is bad.the two lead are attractive ,
before they waste a dime on it .
i will tell you anything.i love bad movie
but this may be the number 1 most worthless and stupid and dumbass movie ever made.and
that is genuinely funny at every single moment
sometimes subtle
sometimes loud and sometimes stupid but overall ,
who is giving us a gruelingly boring play-by-play
embarrassly bad script and amateur writing
how did they attract such great talent to this clunker ?
the directing is equally bad !
the most badly directed scene however
the most ridiculous bit of writing ,
if the poor kid had any acting skill ,
the unintentionally funny detail ,
she is still young and beautiful ,
because the direction and writing were obviously awful
and badly acted violence in the opening scene are weirdly out of place with the soap opera storytelling tone
but what lifts this movie to a height rarely realized is its focus on the little incidence in our life
casting and direction are superb .
9/10 .
who called this `` plotless and pointless ''
prospective renter of this mess would do well
beating 'good will hunting ' baise moi ' and 'flirt ' for sheer awfulness .
the effect are cheap ,
and worse - pointless.the script seems to have been written by a first year film student
the acting is simply undescribably bad - tilda swinton caps a career
which veers neurotically between comotose and laughable 'intensity ' .
it i realized what a funny man he is .
he poked fun at almost every key historic event
this documentary/comedy was a great satire
is really true.i enjoyed
how mr. wuhl managed to mix useful information with great comedy
directed by frank r. strayer the vampire bat was a cheapie from majestic picture to cash in on the success
and quite frankly it is rather dull .
boring .
you are pathetic ,
as cinema has moved on a lot since 1933 and a bland
dull
boring and misleading film such as the vampire bat just does not cut it these day ,
shoot and hope for the best stuff .
and the veteran cast chasing bourne is superb with a nice part by albert finney .
all in all this is the best of the trilogy conclusion this year ,
if not the best action trilogy ever .
i love zombie film and even bad one usually have something going for them but not this atrocity .
because it is so insultingly poor ,
the whole thing is one pointless mess ,
and without doubt the worst movie of all time.honetly
the very worst movie of all time .
that the only positive review give this a 10/10 and urge you
it is terrible.0/10
that characterized the 70s era.overall this is a very funny sitcom .
while married with child is a great sitcom in its own right ,
i was to be disappointed ,
it got worse
they had an excellent opportunity
to make a great franchise of film here ,
they have totally wasted that opportunity .
i was disappointed would be something of an understatement .
that wastes the talent of danny glover and whoopi goldberg .
kundry is portrayed as a sort of beautiful but corrupt mary magdalene or eve from genesis
but beautifully sung by mezzo-soprano yvonne minton ) .
but it lacks the depth and overall greatness of the greater parsifal of the stage - jame king
delving into her tormented state perfectly .
..it is still an enjoyable
nominated for best screenplay written directly for the screen ?
brenda blethyn nominated for best actress in a leading role ? ?
nominated for best picture ? ?
but this movie might very well be the worst movie of all time
the writing and acting were both horrible .
blethyn 's perfomance in particular was one of the worst i
awful movie
lost is not the greatest tv show in history ,
further acknowledgement should also go out to a pounding soundtrack
it was god-awful.i was watching my local sci-fi station last night ,
movie so bad ,
about this movie is thoroughly horrible with two exception
in term of being horrible ) .
the acting is horrible all around ,
the dialog is horrible
and even the incredible shrinking woman
live melting man - incredible
when i think of bad editing ,
that bad editing can take many form .
mind you - remember the incredible melting man ,
for *this* is where it all started.movie like this are best viewed at home with a bunch of friend .
it is not the worst of the worst
but it is pretty freaking bad .
i thoroughly enjoyed this film for its humor and pathos .
like these anyone would feel nurtured and loved .
that i have immensely enjoyed in my lifetime ,
that even the passage of time has not in the least dulled the shine of this film.the story is about a teenaged girl
the viewing is at once fascinating and compelling - though
is quite superb.the film move at a nice pace ,
not the worse
the flimsy script was poorly thought-out
knocking off these wannabe punk one by one became ridiculous
because of the stupidity of the lead up .
to dispatch the next thug her choice were quite disappointing .
you could see mile ahead.susan montford 's soberly slick direction lacks cohesion and energy ,
and polished photography.no great shake .
that is rarely talked about .
the film also has some amazing costume .
erendira is an amazing film ,
excellente !
flynn is well suited to the role of suave but unpredictable corbett .
but his honesty and sportsmanship gives a certain contrast to the main character.there is action and excitement aplenty and a wonderful ending with the requisite redemption for all .
good and bad ghost show up with no rhyme or reason
there is something about beautiful inside and out
the marketing person in hollywood must have dictated the multiple bad guy
who are working on their 2nd or 3rd project.do not waste your time
they are funny and enjoyable .
when i saw a name of this title and genre i thought great ,
really bad joke
all the acting is awful - even from veteran willem dafoe .
where you drink too much cheap beer
that makes such great film
and he didnt want it back its so bad .
never know.2/10
sadly
beautiful film noir
it is not a bad story
even if it is not perfect .
the president was going to immediately change all us foreign policy.the worst thing is that ,
you might have serious issues.beside the wonderful script i
also noticed the great chemistry between actor deborah kara unger and matthew modine -
( playing a hilariously bad actress )
yet funny performance.great film
but this just makes it worse .
the best part of the movie ,
this is one of the funniest shit i
though hahahaha.yeah this movie actually is the worse ,
poor dialog and acting .
i loved the show so much ! finally a show
but just not funny enough .
that were just plain stupid ,
it was the best show ever made and i am very sorry
but with all the trapping of a typical lame '70 's sit-com show complete with obtrusive laugh track
this was possibly the worst thing
please do not waste +/- 2 hour of your life
please do not waste +/- 2 hour of your life
during the cheap filmed in video beginning of crazy fat ethel ii
unfortunately
if this all sounds like fun ,
this film was poorly made with cheap effect and even worse acting .
to make matter worse ,
a very poor effort .
and it is the best hamlet ,
and maybe the best shakespeare
is great ,
this was my favorite performance of the year by far .
branagh avoids the melodrama
he was the weakest member of the cast .
but he was his usual funny self
as a pok\u00e9mon fan i enjoyed this movie very much .
but that can be somewhat unavoidable
the animation was beautiful ,
that a wiser and duller director would either avoid or not think of in the first place as usual
if it offends your socially engineered sensibility then go back to the comfort of your meryl steep collection.boring
tedious
and very tiresome waste of celluloid-particularly in light of coburn/hackman/bergen 's presence .
without the constant diversion of the out-of-place mexican guy with the bad tooth .
a monument to the stupid ultra-left creeping sensitivity of the 60/70 's .
saw this in preview- great movie- wonderful characterizations- witty and intelligent dialog- actor were fantastic- peter falk will be up for an oscar- paul reiser was charming- photography was marvelous reiser was at the theater
who is longing to see intelligent drama and wonderful performance
i have always enjoyed seeing chuck norri in film .
although the acting may not be superb ,
the fight scene are fantastic .
i also enjoyed seeing
very bad
gawd awful .
the premise seemed enjoyable :
this was disappointing .
it is a superb production in almost all aspect .
max invites his stupid acquaintance piece
jamie and piece.the low budget `` spanish judge '' is a movie with a reasonable screenplay with an awful conclusion
that wastes a good cast .
valeria golino is astonishingly beautiful
they are not able to save the stupid story .
that are supposed to be funny
unfortunately do not work ,
and actually they are silly and not funny .
this movie is the best movie
it is just great everyone should watch it
and the actor are great the location is rome italy thats the best place ever
the actor are great mary-kate olsen is such a great actress
she plays charlie and thats a great character and ashley olsen play leila and thats a great character to love
with terrible reception
making a great deal of money
and sleeping with a great many woman .
this was the worst film
flat and absolutely not funny .
watching a cheap soft porno
would possibly be greater
than watching this film.this film seems to be a very bad made sex ad ,
great gp spinning like a wheel in his grave
then i doubt anything will.the excellent review above 'not a film for parson fan ' sum up most of my feeling .
what i got was poorly executed slapstick with no clich\u00e9 left unturned .
stupid hippy ?
stupid fat cop ?
awful plot contrivance ?
that watching this was like watching a bad episode of quincy
or maybe a particularly poor duke of hazzard .
that is how bad the direction was .
terrible jump cut ,
awful camera work ,
who 's most noteworthy recent work is a really lousy bbc sunday night drama
if he is not so bad ,
poor christina a. has no such luck .
and was jaw droppingly unfunny from beginning to ... oh wait ,
then a loincloth is pretty boring
a perfectly hideous 80s-touch
who also plays a bad
a bad guy .
( beloved )
so for me this movie just fails
it is still one of the worst movie i have ever seen.here is the plot ,
too many bad memory .
need to throw in one more scene with bad person coming in to beat up person
and nadija is beautiful ,
but it is truly an awful movie .
they both were excellent
aside from the great movie metropolis ,
it is a great film for two reason .
to create amazing scene of both a post-apocalyptic world and a vast city of tomorrow .
`` are person really that stupid or are we destined for greatness ? ''
and ended up with an incoherent mess.it
i rated it a 1/10
this movie is an absolute dud.having been recommended to me by a friend very much into `` that sort of thing
but i found the `` story '' part of the movie with matlin in it annoying
non-related and downright stupid .
that bit about the polish wedding with that dance was not in the least bit funny .
it was laughable
and stupid .
the world 's worst was hendrix !
poorly acted piece of clap-trap .
it has a really stupid `` plot
really pathetic `` acting
the whole thing is so boring !
the creature itself is rarely seen throughout most of the movie .
always enjoy the great acting talent of harry hamlin ,
i wanted to become a specialist in bad movie from all decade ,
to find some lost gem and uncomprehended masterpiece ,
but i did not see anything of the sort in this pastel-coloured mess .
i have not really watched many bad film before ,
this is what is called `` so bad
probably because it is so unintentionally damn funny !
there is not exactly bad acting from everyone
involved in that hot mess of a movie
geoffrey lewis looks completely pathetic as frank ,
which is an utterly stupid character .
but the movie was mostly very bad and the sad part is
van damme was among several dead vietnam war vet revived to be the perfect soldier
most sequel of this sort are pretty lame - pale imitation of the original ,
i should pick a cheap scenario ,
one of the worst i have even seen
go check out some poster do not waste your time
some of the worst
lame dialog
add to that the cheap production value and you have got a movie
but this is nearly unwatchably bad.plot-wise ,
it is a dreadful
that combines these three would be at least enjoyable .
was completely uninspired and lacks imagination -
the dialogue and acting are even worse than in an average porno movie .
especially thomas kretschmann gives new meaning to the term 'bad performance ' .
bad acting would not have been such a huge problem
since he fails on all possible account as a director .
worst of all is the terrible digital animation ,
since they will no doubt take gruesome revenge on him for the ridiculous way
in which he portrays them in this disastrously bad movie .
it is a great deal of fun .
wonderfully atmospheric .
but it is a great vehicle for him ,
that made great wartime fare .
it would have been wonderful to have seen this film
george wendt is very poor in his supporting role .
this is quite enjoyable time capsule .
plot is laughable ,
but this television pilot delivers a great springboard
either.stargate sg1 is currently one of my favorite program .
and that they based their screenplay on another poorly written screenplay
if the casting was a bad joke
then the direction and acting were the poorly- delivered punch line .
perhaps the greatest transgression ,
it could not have made thing much worse really .
unfortunately
that serling would build up sympathy for his character before messing them over .
none of the character are particularly sympathetic or interesting until the last segment.framing story :
but he rarely does .
most of the actor are not too bad
not a bad little piece
why do person end up in cold storage in silver lame suit ?
the acting and plot are amazing .
so that his wife can keep looking beautiful .
lugosi is great here ,
a fun little view .
when there are no redeeming features whatsoever from beginning to end
i wasted my money on this when i could have given it to a homeless person or a busker or something
it is far from her best .
it is not one of her worst
and fun filled time .
it is the best talking animal movie
and set to a superb soundtrack
the cast are largely awful
here she looks great naked
utterly rubbish movie with lovell and soundtrack the only real redeeming feature .
mediocre even for surrender 's output and clearly a new budget low for them also .
the movie was going to be bad .
the movie was a dumbed down tarted up version of the tv show.jessica simpson was pathetic .
jessica simpson 's interpretation of daisy was simply awful .
as well.do not waste your money .
and true duke fan like me and my three kid are you will be very disappointed .
brosnan is wonderfully crass and crude as the anti-hero and kinnear delightful as his counterpart
great story and a great cast and nothing else to weigh it down .
jack grinnage and ruth mcdevitt give mcgavin the kind of solid support
some excellent guest star add colour and verve to individual episode - erik estrada in legacy of terror
is a great suspense movie
the whole storyline is great and i thought
and supposedly the best adaptation of his work since the original `` hellraiser ''
is exclusively meant to shock and to repulse the viewer with weak nerve system
some even bigger than the pointless gore ,
unfortunately the pacing is very uneven
and the elaboration of the potentially fantastic plot is made unnecessarily convoluted .
she is a very beautiful woman
otherwise it is run of the mill and forgettable .
i had just stayed in the bar.the film is quite frankly boring .
it was boring already ?
surprisingly
pure science fiction.the best way plausibly to realize the plot 's `` what if '' is through the science fiction genre .
forbidden planet remains the greatest of all science fiction film .
is fascinating as film noir with capable performance from a strong supporting cast .
a good entry in the field of noir
one of cary grant 's most enduring comedy is mr. blanding builds his dream house .
blanding builds his dream house still works well as comedy
that this is so terrible
but because the plot was just pathetic .
utterly tedious.you sat right till the end hoping for a twist -
and got nothing but a huge sense of disappointment .
could the lt 's personal involvement finally cloud his judgement ?
hides the body and then plant subtle clue .
it was a complete waste of time .
was ridiculous
and altogether-just lame .
it is that bad.i heard it
who got stuck with the great depression
man 's castle is grim look at the great depression ,
not the usual movie escapist fare for those trying to avoid that kind of reality in their entertainmant .
it is a beautifully paced nail-biter about a plot
that hollywood rarely uses
but it captures the atmosphere of the newly emancipated baltic state beautifully
this heist film starts from a great script ,
is bad ,
it is obvious that rko tried to make a great farewell for weissmuller ,
shooting in beautiful scenery in m\u00e9xico
but the worst character is benji
an obnoxious mailman
boring and decidedly of dubious taste ,
and has a few great scene :
its unfortunate that someone decided to spin off on the best horror movie of all time in my book .
this poor copy steal lot of material from the first three film going as far as even copying how person die and what will happen in the future to the key character
and it basically tries to cram in three film into one and fails .
it fails even to create a good scary atmosphere for one
because it was the only way for them too cope with the horror around them.this movie unfortunately misses
unfortunately this movie ignored these factor ,
but was robbed of this potential thank to a terrible script and some bad acting ,
not to mention the strangely annoying and unnecessary george clooney character and the guy
the plot is boring ,
that steven `` traffic '' soderbergheraacadaablahblah and george clooney are to blame for this .
personally i found her rather annoying .
and the comedy-part is not funny at all ,
it is just a cheap try
it is funny for preadolescent 12-13 year old
the humor is weak except for some shots.dope ?
i will give it 4/10 star ,
because marco rima is quite funny during his screen time .
ever have gotten funding ,
it is a complete waste of your time .
this one is a cross between his very funny side
she is more than just a couple of nice tit and great ass .
his limited scene are very funny
funny script ,
the acting is weak
worst film ever
bad classic like manos the hand of fate or the latest no ain summer action fest from michael bay ,
that there is nothing worse in the movie world.i envy these person ,
there are film out there so bad
so unintentionally hilarious and so ridiculous
that cults form around them to celeate their awfulness and their discussion board are the kindest place on the internet due to everyone agreeing unanimously
film is really that bad.lady and gentleman
that is so utterly bad
it is awful
this film is legendarily terrible .
he fails to recognise
just how catastrophic his bastard creation really is.everything in this film fails on an epic level ,
the acting is the worst
the plot is the most ridiculous ,
that this film is really as bad
and the character are even worse .
so i will give you two tame mild example of how stupid this film is
certain you will not find any palm tree there.imagine this kind of stupid amateur inconsistency stretched
combined with ridiculous dialogue and plot and then multiply it by 10
imagine the absolute worst film you have seen in your life
and imagine it being even worse
that bad.however we should be glad in a way ,
how amateur could be as much of a suck fest as this.the real worst movie of all time
that are perfect ten .
house of game is not just a superb film
but is the best movie about con artist i have ever seen-bar none .
as margaret ford is simply perfection
joe mantegna was also wonderful .
i also loved the way
it fit perfectly
and loved
it is a great character study
( although not my absolute favorite film
it does rank as one of the best character study
and contains some of the best `` twist '' i have ever seen as well .
taking on venomous serpent and evildoer in the america of 1936 or the jungle of south america in a series of fantastic cliffhanging adventure .
unfortunately what it got in 1975
perhaps the best
of legendary producer george pal 's final film is that his often beautifully
designed but sadly flat adaptation of kenneth robeson 's pulp-paperback novel probably had george luca and phil kaufman leaving the theatre
a rather dull charlton heston clone here ) ,
because with the hero so tiresomely invulnerable and practically perfect in every way \u0096 even kryptonite would not put a dent in him -
though with the exception of paul gleason they are all so horribly badly cast and overplayed
delivering one of cinema 's worst accent
unfortunately it is a question of tone :
but were treated as somewhat comical figure of low-budget camp fun with action scene quickly knocked off on the cheap almost as an afterthought ,
the funniest moment are usually purely unintentional
be it chasing a native assassin on the rooftop of new york skyscraper or escaping from a yacht full of bad guy .
i heard horrible thing ,
but i find the goofy dialogue quite enjoyable .
my favorite zombie was the machete-wielding maniac at the gas station .
he was bad ass
trying to kill a girl.favorite quote \u0096
7/10molly celaschi www.horroryearbook.com myspace.com/horroryearbook
this has to be one of the worst movie i
and i find it incredible to read on this site
of seeing the big bad swim at the ft. lauderdale film festival and i must say
it is the best film i have seen all year
this film was beautifully directed
excellent acting
and an inspiring message .
( in one wonderful bit
with not a minute wasted .
the final battle between good and bad other
and he used to be funny
billed as `` the world 's funniest human '' in this dull little cartoon .
death lends a hand is frankly kind of a boring columbo to me .
but the story was weaker in this episode than in the other .
that the movie is in fact boring .
but believe me to watch it for 2 hour is not fun at all .
and it may be more out of despair and disbelieve than out of fun .
and they are trying to be funny so hard
that should not be boring .
the film is almost laughable with debbie reynold and shelley winter teaming up as the mother of convicted murderer .
with the horrible notoriety after the trial
to make matter worse
for it is soooo predictable )
the wonderful special effect
that actually delivers some great scare !
the audience loved it ...
and my wife and i loved it !
but you would not know it ... the film looks fantastic ...
and the scare are great !
to be one of the gem out there .
wish the rest of it were that inventive-and funny .
it is a great film
this is the most cliche ridden and worst romantic comedy i
every scene is cringe worthy and the two lead actor - corey and danny are soo annoying .
and the killer from urban legend are the only redeeming quality in this poor attempt of a film .
1/10 avoid
it was a great discussion starter in my class .
the first 2/3 are dull ,
though it is hard to blame the actor alone :
unfortunately ,
this film is bad by cinema standard and mediocre by tv standard
i have some excellent suggestion :
superb film ) ,
that her talent is apparent and her performance excellent .
and that is where this movie fails.by the halfway point ,
it is bland
boring
that the cinematography and sound quality are comparable to your neighbor 's bad home movie .
this movie is very very very poor .
it was a bit funny
and it got to boring through out the movie .
it is not worth it.do not waste time on even thinking to do something with this movie
wonderful look at the film
that inspired the excellent martin scorsese .
very enjoyable despite being a bit long ,
i found this to be one of the best documentary on film yet .
the flaw will only be all the more obvious.from one of the lamest meet cute sequence i can recall seeing
there are a sprinkling of instantly forgettable musical number
miss garland was wonderful in a number of musical film ,
why they called it 'the lubitsch touch ' and not the 'robert z. leonard touch'.avoid this and rewatch either the original film or one of judy garland 's earlier film
who enjoys seeing a once great star falling down to earth .
and most of the `` funny '' moment of this film play off of this .
it is not even funny.i just could not suspend disbelief and i could not finish the movie .
and must avoid strip club .
and i really enjoyed it.i found
his best performance is still in `` killer tongue
`` night terror '' is not perfect ,
one thousand sunrise will be watched by 90 % of human on this planet ... .our day are limited ... excellent movie for all woman ... . maker of human body ... thank and regard .
it is very disappointing
as well.tom beringer was not too bad
no worse than usual ;
who sat through this mess ,
there were some exceptionally funny line ,
as could be done given the rather disappointing script writing .
but it lacks the necessary quality
i was very surprised to see a very fun
smart entertaining movie with solid performance throughout .
it has of course another solid performance from warren beatty ,
madonna was great as the damsel in distress ,
to watch a fun
smart movie with great acting and a solid script
you will be disappointed .
that with ridiculous exposition about deadly siren .
7 ) the madman will be seemingly killed only to come back from the dead for a cheap ,
weak scare and will then be killed properly .
that boarder on pleasurable and are a great improvement on his previous film
which is one of the worst film i
the worst thing about this movie are not to be found in the body of the film ,
it is ultimately a mildly diverting if pointless movie
that just slips right into the canon of bad horror movie
that digital is often synonymous with cheapness and ease of use .
the best moment of the conversation comes
but redundant.the best moment is reserved for robert 's comment about person
i was slightly disappointed
that forest is `` the best british film in year '' .
`` this is not amazing
as is simply one of the best australian film ever made .
it fully deserved to win best picture .
who is demonstrating great skill and incredible sensitivity .
unfortunately in australia at the time ss was released the push was ,
unfortunately for me ss is a film about nothing ,
it is a complete waste .
the soundtrack is even worse
2/10
way too predictable of a story line with potential
to be funny
make it for a great film
i give this movie 7/10
this movie just continues that bad tradition .
which would not be so bad in one movie
i asked the clerk what the worst movie
for free ... this movie is terrible .
god-awful even .
the acting was terrible .
but the stupidity of the main character was exhausting .
but it is so bad
that it is not even funny in that way .
avoid !
this was the worst movie i have ever seen ,
yet it was also the best movie .
sci fi original movie 's are supposed to be bad ,
that is what makes them fun !
is probably the best quote ever !
best idea ever !
guns dinosaur medieval time space travel terrible actingso go watch this movie ,
i did not give this movie a perfect score
in order to be honest in comparing to great classic like `` citizen kane '' and `` seven samaurai . ''
this movie is so all-around wonderful ,
it scores so poorly for the general imdb voter .
the movie has the best of many film :
that is neither insulting nor boring for either
`` paulie '' is a perfect candidate .
this is one of the very worst film clark gable made .
only parnell was obviously worse .
and the dialog is so lousy
`` the star are at their best here '' .
best at producing unintended chuckle ?
( especially the ridiculous ending ) ,
harlow 's character was amazingly stupid
it was all clich\u00e9s until the final ridiculous marriage scene occurred .
it might just be the worst gable film .
beautiful thing excluded
called this film `` ... shimmeringly beautiful and utterly real . ''
as this is truly far from beautiful .
sadly
this is the best emma in existence in my opinion .
it is one of the worst film i
but the plot is totally ridiculous .
the whole plot is entirely too weak for my taste and i was extremely disappointed .
who enjoyed this piece of crap ,
it is not funny ,
am deeply sorry i wasted an hour and a half watching the mess .
1/10 .
with an excellent background .
the best thing on this movie is ,
the plot is inane and laughable
everything about the technical side of this film is either mediocre or just plain awful .
the venerable brando could not take focus away from the awful rags
called `` david lynch-esquire '' and `` irreverently funny '' ...
and do not confuse irreverence with stupidity .
this is a wonderful film .
joan blondell and jame cagney are incredible together .
the movie is fascinating in and of itself .
sam neill is perfect as michael chamberlain ,
( streep 's for best actress . )
it tells a great story
and you get great performance from the entire cast .
( the term actor would be an insult for all other actor )
it is so ridiculous ,
which dropped my rating finally to the bottom.you can have more fun in rearranging you sock drawer or in drilling a hole in your knee
but was so disappointed about this particular film .
ridiculous ending and difficult to follow story line .
the only redeeming quality of the film was the soundtrack .
but a stunning tribute to french actor and their cinema.supported by a solid reflection about cinema and acting
( great actress ,
jack n has been said to have managed the low budget effort as best as possible ,
that could have been a great suspense thriller for the kid
but instead it is a tired lame home
how cheap is this family ?
unfunny joke
his cheapy dad he is got a job
and playing around in the water messing up shea 's 300 dollar dress yet
she would slap him for messing up her expensive dress so quigley and the other still mad interrogates a little kid and quickly spills the bean and preston is being chased by quigley in a scene
the bottom line is that is a waste of time
as a tortilla the kid is annoying the villain are lame the comic relief
is not funny the other are unlikable the dad is even worse the romantic subplot is creepy the plot 's shallow
so person do not waste your money
what the crap is funny about a dog
who thinks this kind of material is funny ,
`` best year of our life ' and even 'gentleman 's agreemant ' investigated the way
because my name is diamond '' .great movie are made with gut like these ,
but this movie was a complete disappointment !
he was great ,
but this movie was really bad .
that disappointed me .
and is boring and lacks any kind of tension.. ?
that for me make the vampyre myth so fascinating .
the scenery looks like cheap theatre .
i found the overall experience to be a fun way to waste some time .
is this some award-winning collection of amazing film ?
these film should be recommended .
and these zombie are fun .
they go from cool rot makeup to the cheapest slap on white-face ever ,
but they are fun .
and fun
sheet has a great sense of humor and some humble integrity
the behind the scene of zombie bloodbath is pretty fun as well .
there are some great interview
a fun little film
and many are quite dull ,
this is a solid
i found the series to be fun
so i give this set a solid recommendation .
to make fun zero budget
the cast are all horrible stereotype lumbered with flat dialogue .
avoid
the plot was very predictable .
and the brit were baddy ?
relationship between rea and the sutherland character made this one of my favorite movie of the last 5 year .
the catching of one of the worst mass murderer in history had me on the edge of my seat .
who rode the interurban train for fun ,
one stupid cop earnestly report
that ` ... together you make a wonderful person ' .
perfectly captures the institutional inertia of glasnost
could not 've been greater for the case .
`we all cherish the future of our child'.citizenx communicates perfectly
such `limbic dominator ' make poor humans.warning-spoiler :
the best outcome is always the prevention of killing ,
( 10/10 )
i was not disappointed .
ustinov manage to avoid prosecution
to tell you how would spoil this very funny
and knows the great author asimov
weak premise
why tarnish a great body of work by slapping it is title on your vacuous piece of crap ?
david zucker has directed one of the most enjoyable comedy of the year with this goofy farce .
but it is consistently funny throughout unlike some recent comedic effort .
ranging from the blatantly obvious to the more subtler kind
while other have depended upon making fun of too many famous scene in almost random movie
why kid do stupid thing like wander around in labs and eak bottle .
that message is beat kid
having just enjoyed most extreme primate a few night
and gives them the same bad dream about the witch and her spider .
his message is that good will always prevail over evil ,
that bad weather is the most effective way
who are bad .
the mantally obtuse should take into account one unavoidably obvious anatomical difference between man and woman :
or worse
this `` largo winch `` movie is far from perfect ,
and perhaps too predictable at time ,
and the only one time where he was weakened
this is a fantastic film about a quite gifted boy/man with a special body
it was nominated the oscar for best director for jim sheridan
best writing ,
screenplay based on material from another medium and best picture ,
it was nominated the baftas for best film ,
best make up artist and best adapted screenplay .
daniel day-lewis was number 85 on the 100 greatest movie star ,
he was number 20 on the 50 greatest british actor ,
and he was number 15 on the world 's greatest actor ,
and the film was number 28 on the 50 greatest british film .
the cast is great ,
but he was great as hal in always greener .
this film is deeply disappointing .
and listening absolutely boring .
who were befriended with j.b. lenoir
but his limited look on the theme as well as the neither funny nor utterly fascinating reproduction of story from the 30s render this movie as a mere sleeping aid .
with still public coming to watch.the movie is a great epic
he finds boring.at first ,
makes this a great ride on the roller-coaster of japanese cinema as well
the soundtrack is sometimes a little bit annoying .
though most of it is great music ,
his neurotic trait combine the best of woody allen with childish naivety .
it strikes a chord with the audience.although this is far from being a perfect movie
the best sex comedy work this way \u0096 from risky business to american pie \u0096
that you are absolutely the greatest actor in the world ,
if deborah messing were not already cast as `` grace '' ,
neither funny
the wedding date slide over the storyline of deceptive sex by ide and best man ,
while messing has perfected the repressed princess ,
expected messing sequel :
brilliantly conceived character such as the shape-shifting dog ralph
a beautiful piece of child 's cinema buried in a world of archaic celticism .
the girl of the forest is a wonderful addition
it starts out funny and endearing with an energy
it begins to drag and everything become sickingly predictable .
i could stomach another predictable love story
that could be worse
and unfortunately that was also the case with dead letter office .
nothing this bad is made by accident ;
too bad
boring futuristic fx and seeing talented person
this is a great story
the only one even mediocre is the excellent ossie davis .
because it is so poorly done in every category .
the story is bad ,
unfortunately for this movie ,
it is no fun watching a fight
and sure sign of a bad movie is how much scan notily clad woman
boring fight .
that it is a bad idea
one of the fantastic sight
to find the el dorado of very bad cinema.i
created a great sense of atmosphere .
while the basic idea was great ,
i really would have loved
this final entry in george lucas 's star war movie is often regarded as the weakest of the lot .
not only makes a great villain
what also makes this sequence fun is the clever use of puppet for the various member of jabba 's court ,
and watching him as a fully matured jedi knight makes for an unforgettable performance .
that the special effect have reached an even greater level of excellence .
making this a rather satisfactory finale to one of the greatest sagas ever.in 1997 ,
( albeit funny
although technically amazing ,
so it is probably best to be warned beforehand.as nice
but these new incarnation are just as much fun ,
and is still great to watch .
the acting is horrible
dull long-winded dribble .
what a laughable movie this was .
pathetic .
and the writing is horrifically bad.none of the story work .
we loved from batb at all ,
`` the perfect word '' is an overbearing
i already loved `` how the grinch stole christmas ''
why this movie is so charming and fun to watch .
costume and character are done perfectly over-the-top in a fun way ,
making at its very best !
director ron howard really surprises with this fun little christmas movie.main reason
and why it is so much fun to watch
he truly carries the movie with his good and fun role .
and so much fun to watch .
other fun and memorable role are being played by jeffrey tambor
for me the movie was simply fun
score by jame horner is good and fun ,
it still all work perfectly for the movie
and helps to make some of the scene 's work.perfect christmas entertainment.8/10
that the average rating for this movie is 5.2/10 for what affects me ,
it is definitely one of the worst movie i
and the acting truly awful .
it is total waste of time
to avoid at any cost .
that message is not.this story is not about charlie fineman
charlie is living like an nutty adolescent boy with a huge trust fund
and had terrible musical taste
and the overly grand hollywood interior have dreadful d\u00e9cor ;
-- the control and subtlety of cheadle
a beautiful mixture of flute
this film is one of my favorite movie ,
that my wonderful parakeet of four year died recently .
this is a very funny ealing comedy about a community in central london
( best known as alfred doolittle in my fair lady ) ,
.this is a great script
as well as being a great little eccentric character piece as well .
to ... burst into flame !
what with being directed by the great toby hooper and staring wild card brad dourif .
unfortunately it did not rise above the average individual-with-violent-powers movie .
unfortunately it never seems to live up to its potential and prolongs its plot too much .
the special effect are not bad
and help to carry the movie to the finale.the cast is not bad ,
but it is not the worst of its kind either .
virtually all of the funny moment are in the preview .
funny
that dog can be great company ,
the entire story focused on a poorly behaving dog
the worst movie i have ever seen with jenifer aniston or owen wilson
a waste of their talent .
the best way
whether the previous installment was worse than this one
or unfortunately depending
even poor old robert englund has been in better production than that in the past fifteen year.given
that made part four so insulting
it could not have been that bad
i just kept waiting for a plotline and a funny part ,
is mainly a good story with a really good message .
in a movie like this bad acting
add up to make a bad movie even worse -
that there are worse movie out there
this is the worst srk movie
and one of the worst bollywood movie i ever saw !
but this movie made it worse !
very bad music
even worse actor
2006parsifal is one of my two favorite wagner opera or music dramas ,
who was his favorite conductor !
to a great extent .
how did they get the great orson welle to narrate this train wreck ?
this film can not even be said to be bad for it is sadly
just painfully mediocre .
( which are predictable and threadbare )
*warning* possible spoiler belowthe film is more boring then anything else .
to build tension through badly lit shot of empty room and empty lawn ,
but none of it works.mst3k did a fairly good job with it ,
both with regard to the character and the dialog.i would read about elizabeth berkly 's awful performance in the equally-awful `` showgirl
while not awful ,
is barely up to the standard of lifetime 's worse fare .
was laughable .
he was both laughable and thoroughly annoying at the same time
i rather enjoyed this part ) ,
`` this whole lame situation should have been resolved - in real life - in about 15 minute ,
they could do even worse .
and that is exactly why this movie was recommended by one of the guy at the cult-movie-video-place.he told me
( one of my favorite !
it was awful ,
i do not ever wan na see this movie again.not awful
and art technique quite like the work of the great czech filmmaker
hine took a great gamble ,
it is totally refreshing to me to have this movie in my liary .
all three great hour of it .
it is still regarded as just another funny picture .
as he is a great actor ,
that it would have been even worse
and to be slower and more subtle .
are endangered with the worst thing since the 1919 flu .
one amazing scene
that human can be the worst carrier and vermin of all .
kazan really takes the camera into place where even person rarely went ,
if it lacks the electricity of the most highly charged thriller ,
they are getting worse every day .
goldie hawn and chris sarandon were the best two in it .
trade with the biker for his clothe was funny .
they are chemistry was great .
that is why it saddens me that the class is not funny ,
this movie was awful .
all kind of dark magic voodoo battle between good and evil.pretty stupid and lame with a weak storyline to suffice .
and you have `` the order '' .i found the sex scene with the priest interlaced with shot of a picture of the virgin mary rather insulting to catholic .
but also because it managed to insult an entire faith in the process .
sit around and talk about film noir .
yet some of the best film of the genre
-- the only copy in perhaps the best stocked video store in manhattan was a rough bootleg from the amc cable channel --
the pacing of this superb film is taut and gripping .
soft-focus beauty is used to great effect .
`` innocent person can get into terrible jam
noir has always reflected the darkest fear ,
this otherwise sterling film has a glaringly poor dub of a blonde model
but noir fan
and plain boring film-making .
a horrible theme song
n64 and dreamcast were great
a great addition
that was very refreshing .
this one still sticks clearly in my mind as the worst movie of all time ; or at least the worst
as mankiewicz so wonderfully realized ,
and never less than enjoyable throughout .
and they have changed back to those from their previous scene ! funnily enough
adelaide is of course also frustrated and disappointed ,
straight and fundamantally severe lady .
the performance even of the stellar jerzy stuhr is here wooden and strangely bad -
he just pulls unfunny faces
full of predictable joke and below-the-waist innuendos .
do not waste your time
on it - this is just bad .
yet the man from snowy river ii possesses every essential characteristic of the first film ; sensationally beautiful cinematography
and a fantastic and deeply moving soundtrack by bruce rowland
geoff burrowes has done a superb job with this film ,
i rated this movie as awful
when these scene are absolutely not funny ?
if you want to waste good money ,
you will be better off than watching this mother of all lousy comedy 's .
but we still enjoyed it .
that billy has a very weak stomach and puke at almost anything .
good message about standing up to bully and of course
and along with `` new voyage '' it is a great continuation !
( great acting ) ,
shelby 's great
but lacks the gritty edge of a commanding officer
as is the wonderful nechayev
( what a beautiful accent - a real russian !
some of the acting is not great
( the end of `` worst fear part 2 '' misses the crunch
that the acting by all the actor was superb .
but i was surprised at how 'awful ' he looked .
( who play the cyborgs in this ridiculous movie )
of all the question left unanswered by this dreadful movie ,
kristofferson is easily the most enjoyable thing about the movie .
and gary daniel is wasted
worst of all
( bad )
this has sadly been rather over-shadowed by the jackson trilogy .
i owe this film a degree of acknowledgement as the film
that gives him incredible power .
following a great battle
but was sadly never completed .
this could be a really great
cheap and rather silly .
and assuming person are this dumb.the ending is so bad i give it a 1. even if the film starts of promising .
probably the best film of the year for me .
is the amazing chemistry between the two star .
you can feel this amazing bond between carla and paul .
( she won the french cesar for best actress ) .
the chameleon like vincent cassel is also wonderful .
i loved this film
it is one of the best movie i
the plot is fantastic ,
the acting superb and the direction is flawless .
ri'chard is great .
i can not say anything bad about peter galleghar .
he is one of my favorite actor .
certainly one of the dozen or so worst movie ever released in any form ,
as bonanza jellybean plus inconceivably awful voiceover narration by tom robbin
a singularly unfunny musical comedy
the blurb sites him as `` so funny in 'the 7 year itch ' '' .
it reads like `` so funny in 'the 7 year itch ' ...
a beautiful girl with rumoured 50-inch asset
unfortunately
and the sound quality is also quite poor.perhaps
that can still be enjoyed today ,
4/10 .
`` i never knew a car accident could be so terrible ! ''
this is just a regular boring soft core flick.the woman
i found this movie excruciatingly dull .
but the worst movie sin in my book is to be slow
from the truley awful score to the goofy shiny costume .
horrible in every sense .
that this movie was the best in the last 25 year .
seemingly pointless plot diversion ,
the end of the movie was a great cliffhanger .
a boring movie with what
that was filmed badly ?
the ending is great ,
( or maims them pretty bad )
and i enjoyed seeing the motley crew of character go through it
which actually was not as bad
i gave it a 4/10
that this is the worst film ever made ,
and it would be best to avoid it ,
there would be a couple of cheap laugh
and the story is not only impossible to believe but also predictable and dull .
the character are extremely annoying and heavily stereotyped .
has some wonderful comic one-liner .
the entire world it seems knows the story of neurotic neat-freak felix ungar and funny
obnoxious
couple movie has some wonderful joke about oscar 's apartment and his sloppy habit .
that he becomes more annoying than comical .
tony 's felix unger obviously could be annoying some of the time .
fun
all the time.the movie still has great moment
the `` famous '' meatloaf fight is one of the greatest scene ever !
one of the other great example of felix 's `` little note '' on oscar 's pillow will be remembered forever .
( although lightened by a funny line . )
the beginning 20 minute are very boring .
the movie 's ending is predictable and too pat .
unless you are watching the great scene
to make the odd couple the best
to make this modern-day film noir a winner .
that goes bad .
and dern never fails to fascinate in about any film.the movie
overall i found this movie quite amusing and fun to watch
( 2 ) do you enjoy amazingly hot girl ?
what a terrible
terrible
one of the worst movie i have seen in my life .
i expected something predictable
more like quirky and annoying .
but also happens to be just as annoying .
do not waste your time .
prolific and highly influential filmmaker martin scorsese examines a selection of his favorite american film grouped
who used to disguise rebellious message in their film ;
canon merely denotes `` the best '' and supporter of film canon argue
to identify and experience a select compilation of the `` best '' film
a lot like a greatest hit tape ,
function
`` i am not going to waste more of my time
it is beyond insulting .
i loved this movie .
great acting and drama and historically accurate .
not as great as sissi but still rock !
yea the history in this movie is great ,
i love historical movie and queen victorium is very fascinating !
the style are great ,
he could do better than waste his time in this rubbish.this movie
it is.this movie is stupid ,
is too dull and monotonous .
what is the moral or the message
it is not touching and sometimes even boring !
is bad .
and you rarely know
it is bad !
then genuine and sympathetic the next .
kinnear is also excellent as the regular joe businessman
rarely settling for the trite setup or the easy laugh .
and gene tierney is the beautiful woman
but nothing else about where the sidewalk ends resembles everyone 's favorite sophisticated murder mystery .
cheap restaurant and crummy flat .
where the sidewalk ends belong to a sub-genre of noir ,
among noir protagonist
utal man trading mock insult with the waitress ,
while many noir romanticize the two-fisted tough guy ,
a gripping and melancholy exploration of the root and consequence of violence.andrew was sadly underrated in his own time
( he was the only one of the three protagonist in the best year of our life not nominated for an academy award ,
which contains his best performance ,
can be seen as part of the marvelous fox film noir set .
when it came to film noir .
it is a `` fun '' witchcraft movie
this movie is wonderfully written and sweetly
was wonderful as ms. novak 's absent-minded-yet-capable upstairs neighbor queenie .
( wonderful performance )
but at least the character were quirky and fun.on a personal note ,
great cat !
great training by robert e. blair .
to see it for yourself.this is one of my favorite ,
( surprisingly few )
none the wiser about any potential wrong-doing on his part ironically forces paul closer and closer to the fun-loving becky ,
pathetic ... worse than a bad made-for-tv movie .
a lame script and cheap background music made this movie
absolutely one of the worst movie of all time.low production value ,
terrible story idea
bad script
for how poor joan river 's directing is .
( terrible ) x
rabbit test.avoid this at all costs.it is so bad ,
it is not even funny how bad it is .
he is unseated fellow teuton uwe boll for the crown of director of the worst horror film
this film is as shoddy and laughable as the best-worst of ew .
subterranean ; lommel dug a pit and buried it.the fun begins with the cast of international nobody .
could easily understand how lommel managed to find so many wannabe actor willing to spew his ridiculous dialog with a straight face.the main character
sadly
because he is the only actor in this whole mess with even a vague shot at a real career in the movie .
is it is perfectly in tune with the rest of this masterpiece .
sadly the actual film was not as good .
but from the beginning the plot was about as predictable
it was not really very funny.in summary the film was more interesting than staring at the seat in front of me ,
this is an excellent movie .
( excuse bad spelling
`` excellent acting by all of the cast ,
it was not my favorite of the short ,
but avoid contacting either of them directly .
but rather than just explore the banal detail of any particular event this movie captures the ecstatic truth of adolescent passion and disappointment .
she shields him.before long she is involved with him and unfortunately with his racket .
and owen try pulling a badger game on a drunken paul hurst ,
it is one of the best
absolutely dreadful mexican film supposedly based on a short story by edgar allan poe about a newsman wanting
if i did not have to watch the awful cgi
so you know what to avoid.apparently this is supposed to be a graphic novel for the screen
but all i saw was a bad movie
the story was not as bad as the cgi ,
everyone should know what an excellent movie this is .
it is engaging and funny from moment one
that loved the princess bride
and other truly funny and original fantasy adventure
this is one of the great one .
relative newcomer charlie cox is an incredible leading man .
claire dane is fantastic as always .
there are also a lot of wonderful moment from minor character ...
but it is too pretentious and boring to rise above
the use of virtual set almost work but at some point it fails miserably .
you see what they were aiming for and it would of been great if
bad dvd transfer too .
it was too boring .
the movie perfectly catches a particular time and place with pinpoint accuracy .
to try to figure out any kind of coherent plot out of all the mess of strand
soldier is not a great movie ,
extremely tedious ,
a smattering of nudity too ( unfortunately
unfortunately
before meeting a terrible fate.none of this makes much sense ,
( manchester as tommy is particularly bad ,
this question weighs heavily on the viewer of this movie.recommended .
i was so bored to dead with this pointless effort .
making no sense after first 20 minute is just bad film
to be `` the best film ever made ''
this kind of artificial art grab is just a pathetic way
anthony hopkin as a excellent actor should just stay acting .
unfortunately
too thin and too weak
bad guy and worse guy .
it is fun to see jame belushi using his humor
did i have fun watching this movie .
you could argue about the twist being predictable .
pure fun !
said `` great acting . ''
these are two great actor giving horrible performance
for a great director in his all-time worst effort .
mostly because the character is so poorly written .
i give it 1/10 ,
truly one of the worst 20 movie for its budget level
envy stars some of the best .
and the great christopher walken .
one can only expect the best .
hence the name of the movie.the concept is not bad ,
but it still turns out awful .
this movie contains some of the worst dialog and very poor performance from all the cast .
none of them could save this mess .
not even the great christoper walken ,
made this movie funny .
the movie is bad from the start
and only continues to get worse.i recommend this movie if :
avoid this movie at all cost ,
but avoid especially if :
their search for the perfect location leads them to the shark infested water of lilo-cay .
hickox this is one awful film ,
but it is still not as bad as tobe hooper crocodile
the script by sam bernard and robert l.levy is terrible
the whole film is also frustratingly predictable as well
the crocodile effect are awful
again it looks terrible .
but rather scarily it is still not as bad
definitely one to avoid .
it is boring and slow and for a show
and yes battlestar galactica had some of the same issue but not nearly as bad .
and it is a poor pre sequel to it .
-spoiles- lame south of the border adventure movie
with the help of a great white shark ,
the ending of the movie was about as predictable
great idea ...
doing something genuinely funny for a change .
the casting is perfect and the acting standard very high .
halicki 's classic seventy chase film is simply horrible .
enjoyable in spite of leslie howard 's performance .
thank to her performance she ings this rather dull movie to life .
`` that is a great idea ! ''
about the worst idea you have ever heard .
this picture 's funnier than any 3 dozen seth rogen project .
these blonde in padded chintz suit with nonfunctioning strap and redundant zipper want to replace godzilla with king ghidorah ,
and some other heretofore unscathed-by-rubber-monster metropolitan area being laid waste by a flying gold metalflake 1/3 of a hydra .
in a wonderful nod to those notoriously self-willed whipping head
that is is boring and false ,
really boring after an half of hour
and not put the blame to something out of it .
morante was intense and great as usual but unfortunatly on a bad movie !
of what a bad movie is like ,
do not waste precious time of your life on this piece of trash .
bad acting ,
horrible
( but i mean really horrible )
that are so bad
they are funny ?
just plain old pathetic .
it offers us only a few thrill and one really creepy sequence with skeleton in the fireplace.a lot of computer generated special effect and nothing more.catherine zeta-jone is beautiful as always ,
is amazing
and form your own opinion on it.i give this picture 7/10 .
and the actor were very funny .
if you are are looking for a funny movie
i would tell you some of my favorite part
lot 's of beautiful person
it is a fun film to watch !
jesse and chace are funny too ,
he has a wonderful flair for self-deprecating comedy .
what a disappointing piece of schlock .
the whole movie was poorly written
poorly directed
and poorly acted .
and as bad
this is actually worse .
this movie has 1 funny point at the very beginning with the exchange between the narrator and george :
studio too cheap to pay brendan fraser .
sadly ,
that is the only funny part in the entire movie.it was still entertaining ... but then again ,
this is the worst movie i have ever seen
funny movie ,
this is my favorite scrooge
costume are so beautiful and authentic .
one of my favorite is the narrator and nephew ,
the best part of course- is george c. scott as ebenezer scrooge .
`` god forgive me for the time i have wasted . ''
i will be bothering to look them out though.this is an awful film .
terrible acting
bad dialogue
cheap rubber monster .
the most sympathetic character die really quickly
and leave you with the annoying one
who is an incredible jerk .
the really interesting twist are that the stranger is a beautiful
some predictable
but it is a whole lot of fun .
( this is the perfect character for her ) ,
because it is just one of the best feel-good movie i have seen .
sean young 's character is completely unsympathetic .
her performance is wooden at best .
the storyline is completely predictable
it is one of the worst movie i
this is a horrible movie .
and all the story are bad .
with bad bill paxton as a maniac roommate should not be viewed by anyone .
sadly the best is almost incomprehensible
the film did ing out a few old great though
chris mckenna does the best job
( blame how some of the attack scene for that ) .
the dance sequence are not perfect ,
it was truly a lot of fun .
the special effect were wonderful .
that i thought were terrible .
they are more like funhouse ride .
i have seen worse of this too .
then the fun begins
it is an excellent interpretation
awful
just awful !
the book is one of my favorite and its a shame
definitely stupid to take the baby from a safe place
she is such a great actress !
after a while the novelty of this world of nothing become rather dull ,
i do rank this as a thoroughly enjoyable film !
avoid this crap at all cost .
bad script
bad directing
bad acting
bad editing
bad sound
and bad music .
the actor try there best ,
the best thing
roy schieder does great job
that is very rare for an action film .
also features some beautiful and sexy woman
very bad movie ... ... ..and i mean very bad ...
the plot is predictable ,
very poorly portrayed from idea to screen ,
the plot is somewhat predictable at time ,
this show proved to be a waste of 30 minute of precious dvr hard drive space .
but if you want a great horror movie go watch the shining or rosemary 's baby .
those are the two best horror film ever made .
probably the worst `` major release '' film i have seen in my life .
definitely the worst for this year .
it lays in the absolute stupidity of the annoying kind
( not the funny kind )
why i gave it a 2/10 instead of 1/10 .
avoid at any cost .
in a film full of bad guy holme is either the most vile
the most pathetic or both .
and the character is constantly a fascinating car wreck .
there is always a worse version possible ,
it is much more fascinating than understanding the truth .
and the horrible video effect
not even so bad
it is fun .
avoid .
the casting alone makes it a nearly perfect movie .
and it is funny too .
this is a bad
definitively not funny ,
but very much boring and annoying
bad script
bad acting .
it is a complete waste of time -
i am afraid.1/10 point .
but neither was i expecting it to be so awful .
if she proved that annoying in my house .
( not to mention at opposite pole of the noir universe ) .
and dyed-in-the-wool noir
which the french first dubbed `noir
specifically big apple - noir
but it is still kinda fun.it has some genuine laugh ...
i really enjoyed watching it.i would recommend this movie over `` santa claus conquers the martian ''
this is a bad one .
there is no redeeming character in the film
it is very hard to feel bad about dr. beck 's turning into a bat
not to mention the horrible cinematography ,
not the worst film i have ever seen on mst3k
i am not sure whether to blame some of the idiotic line on the actor or the writer ...
and i always feel bad saying that ,
but it was basically a two-hour waste of my life .
is that this movie is either a poor attempt to indoctrinate person or a joke .
that you do not waste your time.if
seeing this movie was the most fun i
i am not able to say whether this is a good or a bad film ,
( karishma kapoor )
yet he makes up for it with a spirited and truly unexpected performance.karishma kapoor is the one with most work
but `` shakti '' raises the bar by absorbing an even greater masala
without becoming ridiculous .
the all-important message of violence begetting violence and the inspiring extent of motherly love were not the thought on my mind ,
making movie can be the most fun in the world !
adapting play into cinema is often a bad idea
it is a great idea
`` blimey there is thousand of them out there `` great movie and a bad stage play
to make great cinema
great dialogue on paper cher and chazz palminterri would be a good casting choice but not in these role .
whether it was trying to be serious or funny .
if you want to see a great translation of a stage play
quit bad-mouthing the original ,
lorne greene was great
as adama and richard hatch was perfect
as apollo and dirk benedict was funny as starbuck ,
i loved the episode with the pegasus and greeting from earth was good john calicos was great as baltar
the best was experiment in terra ,
who is outstandingly beautiful as number six ,
as cassiopea was fantastic .she had beauty
i loved the original as much
these poor slug have been mutated through the pollution of evil human and do not mean to do anything malicious ,
the real bad guy are the human ,
who either actively try to destroy our beloved slug ,
how can you blame that on the slug ? this movie paints a portrait of human
this parade of loathsomeness is rounded out by the guy from the mst3k classic `` pod person ''
( another easily avoided fate blamed on the helpful
in one pointless scene
if you are a fan of bad cinema ,
lame special effect
pointless scene
and poor dubbing
including on the ship 's funnel .
the story is weak ,
the acting is weaker
and that was a waste of money
which where a bit disappointing
the acting is perhaps not the best around
that are unfunny ,
at being funny to be sadly buffoonish .
and there is an awful lot of the movie with no stooge on camera .
i loved everything
but this little dogie is pretty lousy .
jim brolin was surprisingly funny .
is funny here as well .
he is great ,
but the best aspect of this movie was the casting of julia stile .
and girl child were considered so worthless to poor parent
even though she is showed great promise as street-performing heir .
that treats poor girl like garbage .
i was so disappointed
i found the series wonderful !
it is truly enjoyable !
clean and wonderful !
and it comes around full swing in this great movie with a superb twist .
until you have experienced the bad
the end is perfect though .
small town corruption and nuclear family value - all played out in a beautifully
the movie does not hit the audience over the head with its message
subtle little satire
a bit of a disappointing film
there is no way to avoid the overtly religious
there were some very funny moment in the film ,
that is the best part .
unfortunately
and i was not disappointed .
it is laughable to say the least
with bad effect
i can give you four reason to see this movie:1. four of the best filmmaker in the contemporary mexican cinema.2 .
a surprisingly good cast.4 .
but after the recent lynching at tlahuac and the tradition in this awful matter at the state of mexico
( and maybe enjoyed it )
that in mexico person laugh at their own disgrace and this is the best example .
she does look great in a man 's army shirt
low budget horror fan will get a kick out of seeing cult favorite brinke steven as a religious fanatical mother
calling her a murderer as beloved troma producer lloyd kaufman is the aloof father
but for the subtle thing it reveals
( avoid foreign entanglement )
because i usually find on them insipid and boring screenplay
the excellent film the young victorium does not fall on that situation ,
because of its fascinating story
the excellent performance from emily blunt
and maybe because of that i enjoyed this simplification of the political and economic event
and for some reason i feel insulted
is also an insult to the blade and the soul inside ,
which insults the samurai caste even more.also ,
when he finds out his boss is a baddie .
is proven bad or dishonorable ?
we have great cinematography
( which unfortunately is the most important aspect of it ) ,
and an insult
2.5/10 bleah
in the funeral of the famous british journalist joe strombel
`` scoop '' is another great woody allen 's comedy outside manhattan ,
his ironic and witty line are simply fantastic ,
sid waterman is extremely funny
and woody allen is in an excellent shape as comedian .
and is annoying in many moment ,
and i was quite disappointed with her performance
this movie is truly amazing and heartwarming .
reese witherspoon is so charming and jason london 's not so bad either !
it is just so cute watching her fall for him i did not want her to get her heart oken so badly .
but it was still one of the most amazing movie i
i quite enjoyed it .
p7/10 .
there is a great deal of material from the modesty blaise comic
that would be great in a movie .
unfortunately
and they have fallen short of the great potential in the character .
early draft of the miramax project attempted to adapt one of the best novel ,
the film does not come across as cheap .
he is a perfectly fine actor -
`` brad pitt '' at all.unfortunately i can not say the same for david duchovny .
until it is thrust in her face.i enjoyed this film almost unreservedly .
it was perfect .
this a great disney flick.it is the story of an aging high school baseball coach
and even makes the roster.this is a great family film.it
but does not pour it on too thick.it is fun
look no further.9/10
not mean they are stupid .
that turns out so bad .
when i have heard such bad dialogue .
as sin.the worst thing is the obviousness of it all .
to make it all as stupid as possible .
great child 's movie are wicked
something seems bad with this movie .
instead we get risibly bad song and dance sequence featuring picturesque beggar and whore ,
migene at least has a great voice and some feel for the material .
julia looks perfect as mack ,
it was a bad move
by filming at claustrophobic angle on mist-shrouded set lit in garish blue and orange as if by some bargain-basement vittorio storaro fails utterly
-- the film just looks cheap
in this beautifully acted
slightly ridiculous english countryside was an appealing
the favorite of alice 's stuffy
( and annoyingly )
fontaine is too beautiful
is painfully awful .
astaire 's romantic comedy skill is no less enjoyable here than in any of his film with ginger roger and his dance scene
her scene with solid character actor gardiner
mixing with noble but dull-spirited englishman .
the acting was terrible
being this bad in a long time ,
even that could not save this movie from being just a terrible excuse
you have the strong urge to waste $ 3 .
it is a great education
for better and worse
and mostly pointless animation sketch lifted from `` animal farm . ''
is actually pretty annoying in execution .
and their opinion add nothing to his story.this picture is at it is best
who gets on her bad side .
and i do not want a refund !
great dialog and well-drawn character
that i cared about ( even bad guy miklos )
i came to nancy drew expecting the worst ...
because of everyone else 's bad review .
the plot was enjoyable and thrilling with a lot of actual scare and i thought
there were several funny moment and on the contrary of many statement
i loved this movie .
it might be funny .
jack black is one of those awful relentless flat-out ham-it-up knockabout guy
as being funny .
it is just stupid.i heard good thing about napoleon dynamite too ,
a surprisingly interesting meditation on the nature of regret in term of the way
the scare are very subtle
it is not perfect ,
this is absolutely the worst movie i have seen all year.first ,
whose source of self confidence comes from a pair of leather slippers.this was worse
her acting was superb as well .
she was absolutely wonderful
that this movie was described as such wonderful thing as `` a little gem . ''
but tonight was the perfect opportunity .
i popped it in and was glued to the beautiful cinematography
who 's name is unfortunately not listed on the site .
his character 's presence.this is truly a wonderful movie .
but it is still pointless and cheap .
`` the fallen one '' fall under the waste of life
but when served is bland with no flavor at all .
are simply the best .
stupid plot and over-the-top `` vanity fair '' are not a problem
i can re-watch his best music video
( which are artistically beautiful )
that it was great
would be rather poor .
even the best classic video of other artist can not come very close to the energetic hyperbole of mj musical insanity and artistic quality .
and `` moonwalker '' are all great ,
( with a solid `` smooth criminal '' theme
and that monstrous monster and long knifes never will be the best way of achieving this .
it is the best of it is kind .
the governmant blames richard for the massacre earning him the name `` butcher of bakersfield '' .
running man is another one of arnold 's great movie from the 80 's .
it is not and i do not care anyway i loved the movie .
keep an eye out for them poking fun and some old show ,
also the cast was great besides arnold
the new dvd had mostly poor extra meet the stalker
and is laughable garbage
and it is still great to this day .
the futuristic world and humor are great .
definitely one of his best .
above-average film and acting partly spoiled by its completely predictable story line .
but i thoroughly enjoyed this film .
is of course the sequel to another one of my favorite film cabin by the lake .
that i enjoyed this movie even more than the first one .
that the cast in this movie was great ,
judd nelson is always the best !
i also enjoyed the plot as a whole .
if you are looking for a fun way
`` soylent green '' is one of the best and most disturbing science fiction movie of the 70 's
( in a great shape )
and there is a great
that this is one of the best i ever seen .
the plot was weak to say the least .
the best part of the film is definitely dani behr ,
i very much enjoyed watching this film .
i actually enjoyed the second viewing
i was not disappointed .
but unfortunately had to learn in a very painful manner
( who is always wonderful
the first time my best friend and i sat down to watch this movie ,
was and is the best one of its genre .
found by all the escapee of england 's harsh judgement
we see the beautiful and liberated mary godwin
played by beautiful and talented alice krige .
that she inherited from her mother and father.the actor and actress in this were perfect for the part they played .
this movie was based on a wonderful book `` haunted summer '' by anne edward .
that has an even divison of races.2.insult the viewer intellect with its simplistic lines.3.the boy 's slezy father
disney at its worst ! 8 .
it did not even have the youthful sex appeal of mediocre to poor movie like i know
is awful here
and `` the postman always rings twice '' in the 40 's - this was a great example of modern film noir in the 90 's .
favorite line :
the movie was bad .
the acting is superb .
are excellent in their role ...
the plot was predictable ,
the acting was mediorcre at best ,
the beach are fantastic
when the wind is howling through the cracks.the best way
when i found him to be so terrible
his acting seems to flow between no feeling or empathy whatsoever to display of some really bad overacting .
when his character is supposed to react to the awful thing
to escape the horrible actingjob put forth by drago .
this is nothing but inferior and i am disappointed .
takashi miike 's master of horror-episode is boring
uninspiring and pointless .
really bad !
fun movie
all the actor are perfectly cast
and they are all great supporting actor .
reginald gardiner has always been a favorite supporting actor of mine
and i had completely forgotten this gem .
maggie smith is perfect as the bumbling secretary/neighbor
but in fact the character are so involving and so much fun
almost.let down your usual expectation of modern comedy and look for the great performance and friendly
illogical mess ,
there are worse stephen king adaptation
there is one solitary laughable elemant in `` whipped '' -
during the amigo 's detailed discussion of their bodily function and the tantric talent of the bed partner
that a buddy movie with a great setting
great performance
7/10 .
pointless cut to video game footage .
even the zombie are boring.i was hoping for at least a `` so bad it is good '' zombie movie ,
but this one is `` so bad those
forget the hideous special effect and poorly-constructed one-dimensional character .
just how badly this film was pieced together.i know 9 year old
that look at this insult to the intelligence
the story is horrible .
the acting is comical and the message its trying to show is incomprehensible .
and what worse
that would be enjoyable on some level ,
very pathetic .
`` systematic derangement of the sense '' would be a more justified purpose .
that you actually sat through such a horrible movie
`` a funny thing happened on the way to the moon '' .
i loved the way
thank to the cast for some wonderful tv .
the cinematography gives a bad
yeah cheap shot i know ,
but this movie is a great example
can be combined haphazardly to great critical acclaim
yet fails to tie them together into the coherent meditation kundera offered .
it also fails to even include token screen time for tomas ' son ,
'east is east ' was fun and sharp ;
'anita and me ' seems obvious and dull in comparison .
the soundtrack is great with inspiring rock eg .
and avoid like the biblical plague.awful -
that i have just wasted the end
what a waste.this film has so incensed me
that everybody i have ever watched it with has loved
but if you happen to come across one you will not be disappointed .
and the character were boring .
and the other seemed to read their line from a teleprompter.the worst part of this movie
if you recognize yourself in this avoid this movie like the plague .
boring ... that short enough ?
on a side note my sister loved this movie .
the performance were bad by most of the cast ...
although i do not really blame them.. the material really stink .
the editing was equally bad.. i will just stop now.. its all bad 2/10
acting- nothing short of superb .
that hbo had done a great job in casting jame as tony .
is superb .
all of these actor perform to the best quality ,
and all giving an excellent performance in each episode .
each episode is directed superbly
and the score of this show is just fantastic .
but nonetheless it is and will always be the best thing to ever grace the television ,
and it is really a great story .
and time after time situation occurring in it reminded me of a poor 90 's chevy chase comedy .
it would have sucked even worse .
this movie turned out bad ...
both of us proclaiming `` this is the dumbest thing i have ever seen '' .
talk about pointlessly writing yourself in !
that this series was the best of the 'spy ' genre .
ian holm 's portrayal of the vulnerable but courageous bernard samson was amazing .
( he is always amazing . )
this movie is fun to watch .
but all in all it is a great romp .
without the fund
joe haggerty gives a spirited and very funny performance as ebenezer jackson and its a credit to syke
go wrong.i was expecting the worst
-- the bad stuff :
jake weber is a horrible actor ;
is laughable.the good stuff :
pretty good dramatic script ; clarkson is excellent as the mother ; some great direction with eerie sound effect
hanging out around town and carousing at their favorite bar ,
pamela reed as emory 's sympathetic wife and john doucette
as his dying father all turn in excellent performance in this fine picture .
how utterly awful the whole experience was .
it was bad enough to have some kind of a `` story ''
telling him to run and jump from pointless point a to pointless point b just to make up film footage and minute .
absolutely terrible in all respect !
of how many terrible joke in the movie
the cat in the hat talked was annoying ...
it is funny
what ever you do do not waste your time on this pointless .
worst movie i ever saw .
but yet his suit was still perfectly pressed and shirt crisp white until the very last scene.although a good cast with ellen bernstein
it is amazing how good actor can do such bad movie .
this movie is as much fun
either way this is a poorly directed
the redeeming part of the story
that her whole head could have blown off ... robert loggia exhibits a weak and fearful disposition ,
would of enjoyed it as much or even watched it
a bad ending i must say
and some of the actor were not really good but all in all i rated this movie 7/10.the suspense of wondering what lillard was actually up to was what really keeped me interested in this movie.its a good rental ! 7/10
this is a great film - esp
who label the film `` boring ''
brilliant kung-fu scene
end makes barefoot kid an unforgettable film.one of the silliest subtitle i have seen ...
wasteful and destructive us human are .
and they are quite willing to tell us just how bad
but this suited him perfectly ,
perfect for christmas .
i enjoyed this movie a lot .
what i enjoyed most was when she realized
all i had was an incredible urge to slam my head against the theatre wall
unfortunately
at best ,
this has to be one the best movie about serial killer
who absolutely loved silence of the lambs .
both of their performance are subtle masterpiece
the death of over a thousand of person on the greatest luxury ship of its time became a mere background .
omitting these fact is an insult to the tragedy .
casting was also very poor .
first hour and the half was wasted on establishing the relationship between the character
to do so made it even worse .
joke were too abundant and rather lame .
the best thing about this film were its special effect ,
if you want to see something funny go watch `` no on would tell ''
after doing a terrible tv show .
i have seen funner stuff everywhere else but here .
christopher lloyd is funny
but it has great special effect
but adult have as much fun as the kid do .
that did not stop me from appreciating this fantastic comedy .
the character are all very funny and believable .
why this movie was so funny
that it makes fun of rap from a different .
it is a funny movie with many joke about racism
amy poehler and rachel dratch are among the funnier woman
were on snl during the longest stretch of unfunny writing and sketch-making
these two woman most especially know what is funny ,
and they know how to write a funny movie.you will notice in the credit of this movie
who never had the fun spring eak trip
because you never quite know what fun is to these character .
funny as always )
unfortunately
her movie career is off to a rough start with the abominably unfunny `` date movie ''
and the disappointing `` click ''
and the magazine probably would not have sued for trademark infringemant
this movie would have been great and not nearly as run-of-the-mill as frat-house comedy
dratch will come up with another funny concept ,
she is funny enough ,
helps keeping the minimalistic narrative fun and seducing .
we get a rather so-bad-its-funny piece of mediocrity.jeff fahey plays ray trueblood
and they fought to lousy 80s music .
the film is quite ridiculous .
and it certainly remains the best movie of renny harlin 's career .
lane smith comes off the best
where person find this move or rob schneider funny .
this film is so bad
most bad film are funny
which could be subtlethe lengthy flashback could be avoided
sacrificing father and husband was the perfect balancing point .
unfortunately
and it was so godawfully horrible ,
all the rest fails so badly ,
we have a perfect car
haim 's perfect girlfriend ?
the perfect murder ... almost ?
they could have made this flick any lamer
a stupid
unfunny film with a story
great accomplishment ! one last question for mr. haim :
but the horror aspect was quite bad .
in fact it was quite ridiculous .
but unfortunately it is empty and without focus .
the ending is very disappointing
that i am disappointed
but not as a film to be enjoyed .
even though it had a poor cast .
( horrible move ) ,
jay hernandez did his best
he was one of the baddest gangstas of his time
i am extremely disappointed
i can not tell you how to waste your money .
tromaville high has become an amoral wasteland of filth thank to the aftereffect of the nearby nuclear plant 's accidental release of toxic waste.unrestrained chaos
rather horrible
mess of a film with the filmmaker cutting loose the rein
which dispatched the annoying punk towards the end ,
that this is one of the greatest television shows ever .
it is great that this show still airs .
and she sometime said something funny .
that was a great episode .
i do not care how many bad review purple rain gets ,
excellent movie
great music
my generation loved this movie growing up ,
so many of us loved prince
the movie has some great music
and sexy fun scene between prince and appelonia .
and arkin are all incredible .
sheryl lee is wonderful as well
although not the best anime i have ever seen but i enjoyed lady death.i have never read the comic book
his dark uiting style was perfect for this kind of movie.i think
cause everything person have bashed this can be said about everyone favorite anime vampire hunter d
that garfield carries off memorably in a great performance
the best scene are on guadalcanal ,
i quite enjoyed this movie for two reason .
which is very rarely treated in movie ,
it is great to hear liza
but there are too many bad song ,
the fight scene may not be great..
- bad stuff :
bad stunt for one thing
the book was great .
but they are quickly shot down by the bad stunt work and acting .
as did hazel o'connor 's amazing look and charismatic vocal performance
he was so out of place in the band and so harmless and pathetic ,
favorite scene
but it was really excellent for its limited budget and for its portrayal of the britain of the early 80 's
it is a great movie
with some wonderful performance ,
there are some great shot .
close-up by candle light suggest the beautiful work of the classical painter and it is fascinating to watch the painter and their student
are quite superbly authentic
the beautiful artemisia is urged by her father
to study under the great florentine artist
billowing their voluminous clothing add wonderful effects.artemisia
beautiful story of wisconsin native
that one feel in loosing a special loved one ,
and the struggle to productively cope and rise above the great loss !
it is the incredible story of dan jansen 's hearteak in loosing his beloved sister to leukemia
`` recommended for anyone
who has ever suffered the great loss of someone very special ,
and dearly loved within your life !
and the bad evolution of most direct cinema.really
of being filmed.it would have been very disappointing
their house is a mess
even as they blame each other for their life ,
that she finally gets to show the whole world herself and her wonderful showgirl skill .
a beautiful portrait of stylistic importance and a charm
to appear completely starker in this dreadful piece of trash
the naked female form is a beautiful thing and nothing to be ashamed of ) .
who are more than willing to co-star with a badly made hand-puppet
and proceed to use three beautiful young woman as guinea pig .
this and of comedy is one of the worst
sarah creates an annoying
unfunny character .
it is not funny anymore .
funny and poignant
it is one of the very rare movie
it could have been boring and silly but instead ,
superb writing
with the full cast of the dysfunctional and disillusioned.there is a cheating husband
an annoying girlfriend
the connection from one event to the next are weak .
it is an incredible piece of savage consciousness
it is really nothing short of pathetic .
really bad shot on video `` film ''
but three amateur video makers.if you are going to make a bad horror film at least throw in some blood
once in a while a bit of black appears to separate scenes.terrible music by bad heavy metal band
as disappointingly thin ,
it may be because the subject herself is mildly disappointing .
natural fun .
not least of which are the amazing bandw noir cinematography of w. mott hopfel iii
pitch-perfect performance by some of our most underrated supporting actor
mol does several scene fully naked and most other in amazing period lingerie and `` specialty '' costume
progressing through degree of progressively less `` bad '' audition and student acting scene is to see a truly fine actress in complete control of her craft.the script does effectively ing us into 1950 's america ,
that bondage 's greatest icon should be so lacking in venom ,
and highly sympathetic from a multitude of dimensions.the scary monster although probably not scary to most adult ,
and it sounded great .
jean arthur 's character was somewhat annoying and jame ellison just did not look like nor act like `` buffalo bill . ''
cooper was not at his best
that films like this never snag best picture nomination ,
not to mention the incredible cast .
it i loved it and became thrilled .
it became my favorite short film
the photography is beautiful in every short and shot ,
at the worst being nothing special -
my special favorite are the `` quais de seine '' first scene
beautiful.ye
these are some beautiful short films.now let 's get onto the content .
to let all these artist explore beautiful
i loved coming from a simple
it is great they took a chance
that are not exactly the best - `` quais de seine ''
( look out for alexander payne in a funny role )
great question .
i enjoyed it very much
most short i loved and all of them together form a beautiful and energetic mix .
watch it if you like eclectic beautiful love !
the soundtrack is great also .
and similar to the way american werewolf in london used every great wolf song
best line missing from the quote section btw ~ 'once
that perfectly capitalizes on his strength .
i particularly loved the ending of the film ,
i thought was a perfect way
very light and fun ; it leaves you laughing and smiling ,
with talking animal and stereotype every five minutes.what i got was an amazing film ,
filled with beautiful scenery and animation
and an amazing storyline
that has the great potential
this unsung quiet gem tells the true story of a pow escape during ww ii .
the performance are incredible
and this is one of the worst documentary of i have ever seen of any type .
tediously
in fact.it is also predictable pretty much through and through.number one and two were somewhat predictable ,
which i did not really think fit this series and the character.jeff fahey plays the main bad guy in this installment.he is a decent enough actor ,
which would have been great
there were some pretty bad one liners.arnold vosloo return in the title role
it is pretty bad.my vote for darkman iii :
i rarely write a negative review for this site ,
without doubt one of the dullest film i have ever seen.there was nothing happening in this film
really enjoyed `` one hour photo ''
what is more disappointing is that i am sure
but it just did not work for me.i might even have given it 1/10
since half the movie revolves around the stage production of the play.the film has a great cast with signe hasso and shelley winter as the woman in colman 's life
who plays the cop on the case.great raw moment in this one with noir realism throughout .
one of the best `` amitabh comeback '' movie i liked .
it was great to see amit perform with such force and humor after a long exile .
it an easy 8/10 just for being pure bollywood .
it is supposed to be a fun
yet stupid movie ,
then you will be sorely disappointed .
and edy willaim has a fun bit as a showgirl at an audition .
unfortunately ,
just a warning ... this is the worst movie i
it is a pure waste of time ...
horrible acting
incredibly bad line
great music
beautiful scenery
( a great food fight ) ,
it is one of the best book i have read last year .
to be that bad .
some of the best part of the book was omitted from the movie
and the character were weak with hatsumomo
been the worst .
and one plus one is a great example of his ineptitude
would you have boring voice-over reading tedious political diatribe at your audience
brilliant
the bookshop scene was not worthy of even the worst fringe theatre ,
and was an insult to the intelligence of even the young child
that godard 's one-time great friend
made the best film about film-making ever ,
and godard made the worst with le mepris !
and came across this bizarre gem of a film.this movie
was amazing ,
the love story together tell a beautiful message.the film is strikingly bizarre at time
whether they loved it or they hated it .
in its beautiful and quirky way
and the picture they returned are both amazing and hearteaking .
there are amazing sight as well as amazing human story in this film ,
and a true indication of the best and worst
and it is still great every time i see it .
with amazing flamenco dancing
wonderful music.this telling of carman is a story within a story
the film contain dancing by some of spain 's premier flamenco dancer .
making at it is best and probably my all time favorite foreign film .
it was not at all a bad movie
as being at best conventional and at worst kind of confusing and one-dimansional
but it is possibly the most fluid- if not quite my personal favorite- of the few he made ,
part out-of-this-world fantastic
( my favorite was the momantary skeleton-guide-
( the typical hottie who 's almost *too* perfect for the adolescent male fantasy figure ) .
action and incredible design .
not great ,
that the mother does an excellent job
the acting is superb ,
annoying colleague lauren
if you do not have a funny bone in your body
if you like a funny ,
this is the best film
its an amazing piece of film
if there is any real flaw its the cheapness of the production .
else.do not get me wrong i do like the film a great deal .
we have.it is too bad
just another cheap monster movie from nu image '' .
produced cheap but very entertaining b - picture in the past few month
but also some very disappointing movie .
especially after having watched the rather disappointing `` shark zone '' just a few day before .
but `` hammerhead '' turned out to be an excellent revival of the 1950s monster movie .
and it does not matter anyway cause `` hammerhead '' is action and horror entertainment at it is best .
and poorly done ,
and have fun .
it is also very cool and funny to see what we can not see :
when he is not visible.some of the best joke on this short
fun and some nice artwork too .
even watching the commercial for lady and the tramp ii was a horrible experience .
everything is just a rehash of the original movie and even several of bluth 's really bad movie .
are just a really poor carbon copy of timon and pumbaa .
the song are pathetic
i have never heard song so bad from them before until now .
it is pathetic and simplistic .
all of the usual character are not as annoying
do not waste your money on this .
this film was a waste of time ,
you should avoid ,
but it is so funny .
instead of writing the best story possible ,
he has created a dysfuntional cast
besides being dysfunctional ,
while not a horrible film ,
it serves to confuse the viewer and distract armstrong from arriving at the truth.this thriller is made enjoyable by sean connery ,
ed harris has a wonderful opportunity
why he is one of our best actor .
or in those ridiculous lifetime channel movie ,
two word describes it - stupid and insulting ,
but even worse
it is simply horrible beyond word
that they share the same message .
boring and soulless film ?
than reiterate how truly awful the acting is .
please avoid .
really great done .
giving the movie such an incredible new force
( even tough never got weak or boring )
but wonderful place .
but the fantastically illiant writing means
there are not more bad review .
this is a waste of time ?
the parody of `` swinging the alphabet '' is lame ,
to determine what is and is not funny .
the underlying message of an over-50 woman unable to make it on her own ,
without male assistance is bad
bad
bad .
the acting is uniformly dull
a little melancholic person with great and remarkable personalitiesif
simon yam was my favorite character here
winning for best actor
best picture
best director
and best screenplay .
( which i loved ) ,
gwyneth paltrow is at her best
mr. knightley is one of the greatest romantic leading man in film .
northam 's knightley is a delight to watch.other wonderful characterization include the comic juliet stevenson
( how much more stupid can you get ? ?
of watching the worst of scifi channel original movie ,
avoid this film like the plague .
`` it is the best movie i
typical heavy-handed anti-violence message ,
then you must cater for english speaking audiences.it is amazing for me how such a small island
that whoever murders the animal can be regarded as the greatest
gallindo 's slasher is a surprisingly good effort
trampa has a subtle undercurrent of a moral to its story ,
not to detract from the fun of the feature.trampa may be cheesy ,
the killer looks great in creepy army fatigue and white valentine-style mask and the attempt at originality just about work .
and it is pretty funny and quite inventive despite being a somewhat one-joke cartoon .
still worth a 7/10.however ,
and the film met a totally uncaring film public.mediocre would be an overstatement for some of the worst/campest/cheesiest acting
this show is so fun and unique
funny and adventurous .
why is this film so bad ?
if being so stupidly annoying and unfunny
the character of corky romano is unlikable at best and downright infuriating at worst .
the gag are predictable
but that is not what makes it bad .
they are the lame sort of predictable joke
that your unfunny friend would say.corky romano is about a mild mannered vet
corky ends up in love with his beautiful fbi partner
was the lack of truly original and funny joke .
and plenty of other forgettable joke appear none as funny
as if the screenwriter had more of a fun time writing this
this film was excellent - the emotional power of tom hulce and ray liotta 's performance ought tear to my eye and joy to my heart - this film shows us
hulce would certainly have been at least nominated for a best actor oscar .
unfortunately
unfortunately that label has got a peerlessly abysmal track record with dtv slasher .
finally to add insult to injury ,
veil 's slasher opus is still one of the best genre piece
some superb cinematography and a couple of the goriest set piece
and pasted from them.certainly the inclusion of the mouth-watering jenna jameson was a great move by the producer .
and her battle with the hulking killer was superbly performed and choreographed by alan chou .
taylor and jenna delivered expectedly poor dramatic ,
veil 's direction of the cinematography was excellently constructed
someone had a great idea :
it was indeed a great idea .
and the singing and dancing is mediocre .
but the story is great .
i loved watching walken in this role
and if the song were not great ,
great fun .
that there is nothing wrong with this message .
but was it really necessary to disguise this message .
while the message is good ,
but she is a poor actress ,
except for one by rufus wainwright and teddy thompson are simply terrible .
and jarvis cocker were particularly annoying .
which were also difficult to watch due to the poor camera work .
selected for this performance were just awful.hopefully there
.technically the movie is close to perfect .
unfortunately a weak plot
her best girlfriend
poor and happy -
and confesses his great admiration for his son from a hospital bed.and
i was quite disappointed .
it was funny
boring
how bad this is ... nothing of any importance ever happens
they are all sadly unconvincing
worst of all
the conclusion really makes the whole movie pointless.the alleged `` killer cut ''
that i watched is 86 minute of pure tedium.1/10
but as far a being one of the best australian film ever ,
pro juryalthough the lead actress is strikingly beautiful ,
that some lifeless bland powder is fake ,
after sitting through the great ecstasy of robert carmichael at its uk premiere ,
that were quite boring ,
where the plot was poor
predictable and drawn out ,
but unfortunately they do not apply to his film
or waste film
( one of the many great name he takes in vain )
clay hugh would like to emulate the great director
sadly
i do not remember `` barnaby jone '' being no more than a very bland
great composer jerry goldsmith 's excellent theme song .
being badly miscast .
( even more so if one could understand their pointless babble ) .
other actor were just dreadful !
a terrible portrayal .
it was not very funny
as it was not particularly funny
and the movie sent out confusing message .
offering ridiculous project like `` aaham lincoln 's doctor 's dog '' to studio executive -
how you can take an excellent actor ,
and put him to waste in a film such as this .
robert de niro is one of the best hollywood star of all time ,
everything he does no matter how bad .
do not waste your time with this drivel.my rating :
3/10
if you set your heart in.it is amazing
was great from outer space .
and so pathetic .
i loved the book its based off of ,
and i loved the first movie ,
the pointless banter between the two main character in the prequel was completely predictable and unoriginal ,
how bad the movie was .
since the acting was just horrible .
and by b-movie i mean bad movie ,
deeply moving wartime drama with excellent production and lead performances.one of the best
if not the best tv movie of the 1990 's which possibly would 've had even greater success
worthy of comparison with the finale to it is a wonderful life
this is followed by what can only be described as a long boring middle section
which are wonderfully fresh
many of the inventive story could easily have been made into great sci-fi movie of their own .
what happens next was always unpredictable.the character
but the dialog is flowered with incredible wit and humor .
they are simply fun to watch.starting somewhere around season 5 ,
the character were still as great as ever
unfortunately the 'gear ' of 'the krell '
-- -wasted by ignorance
beautifully rendered.and considering its age ,
you will see/hear no pure 'synth ' and perfectly syched moog background
yet another example of the complete waste of uk lottery money .
who funded this miserable garbage
to make the lead character remotely sympathetic until the last minute .
add to this the terrible acting and the laughable appearance of the creature
and i say 'brilliant !
that ill be watching a stupid movie if nothing more .
i thought to myself '' i better get a pen and a paper to jot down the bad thing about this film ''
this film was great .
great
she is so damn beautiful
who has nailed her role perfectly
the great thing is that it tackles the issue of how silly these person are with style
and does not make them boring .
the screenplay is beautiful
the best thing
who loved the two classic novel by edward ormondroyd
will be disappointed in this film .
tv reviewer poke fun at caine ,
an unfortunately high-strung heart patient .
`` the trap is set for a wickedly funny who'll-do-it . ''
the cast is enjoyable
`` deathtrap '' is a fun film to watch again ;
does not automatically make a more compelling picture ? a regrettably dreadful movie .
great story that always keeps you wondering and thinking .
the music is superb ,
go to see it for enjoyment and fun .
who sadly failed in their attempt herethe story was good
but the handling was not that good and the heroine was shown too regressive and the climax too was disappointingdirection is bad music is goodrishi reprises his role of yaarana
it is an excellent fan fiction film series and i can not wait to see more i
i have already recommended it too other person
it deserves a 12 loll my compliment to the staff of the star trek hidden frontier on an excellent job .
is excellent especially the ship
multi-functional copy machine
fails to live up
unfortunately for the audience ,
and not all that funny .
just is not all that funny .
`play ' funny
he `knows ' he is being funny --
so rather than being `funny
-- if not necessarily `bad ' --
so what it all comes down to is a case of poor directing and unconvincing acting ,
that the screenplay itself was weak to begin with
whose subtle delivery is convincing ,
that one way or another will unavoidably become fodder for someone 's comedic cannon ,
i rate this one 1/10 .
unfortunately
-- they meet ridiculously
within minute i feel great ! !
acting is uninspired and perfunctory .
playing out as a sort of pre runner to the great escape some 13 year later ,
and as an adventure story it works perfectly for the time frame
that may well be the first of its type ? .7/10
it is just dull and endless and not worth the time .
but the print is so bad
her despair is great :
thing get plenty messy
the message is fassbinder 's m.o .
maria braun certainly has a greater scope
in which eddie murphy is at his very best .
to make fun of artist
my favorite act is the one
who falls from the stairs.this show is the best medicine
if you watch the sequel 'raw ' do not be disappointed .
baseketball is an extremely funny movie
that generally makes the movie alot funnier ,
that is more than crap in your pant funny ,
some of the funny scene would not have existed.if you have read any pro review about this movie ,
because basically all the reviewer didnt like this film.baseketball is a great comedy
that gives everyone what they want.8/10 .
that would certainly get my suspicion aroused.the great st. louis bank robbery had two director charle guggenheim and john stix .
two joker decided steve 's performance was best served
by doing a bad marlon brando imitation .
as the worst ever done by steve mcqueen .
( his own and the person of the amazon with whom he lived and loved )
this movie beautifully conveys both the quirkiness and generosity of the man ,
and i was expecting something funny
i was on the floor laughing my butt off this movie is so great .
he is among the worst director of all time
jr. and ray dennis steckler and the pantheon of awfulness .
i was a tad disappointed
because although the film was indeed bad ,
this film was not particularly fun
to watch for us bad movie fans.now i was wary about watching this film ,
the result of all this is total confusion.sadly ,
it shows surprisingly little
it is not bad enough or sexy enough to care about and the film manages to be rather boring even with such a crazy title like `` naughty stewardess '' .
although it would be a waste of time .
the plot is so predictable
a ridiculous and uncritical version of the american dream .
to succeed in this attempt due to the bad script and the shallow acting .
especially piper perabo completely fails in convincing one of `` jersey 's '' fear
( and quite funny thing )
( it is much more funny
( 3/10 ) .
drunk and acting obnoxious ,
that he would be great in the right movie .
to see a talented guy wasted in a film
that features unfunny after unfunny situation ,
and cap it all with a dreadfully bad song and dance scene .
because the movie is so bad ,
not because it is funny.oh well ,
it is just too bad
i found this movie so adorable and funny
it was unfortunately signed to
being boring and moralist
unfortunately he will not repeat the success with his second movie `` da zero a dieci '' -not good at all.in `` radiofreccia '' actor are generally not very famous ,
it was fun and funny ,
dode ' ka-den may not be kurosawa 's best ,
but coming from the greatest director of all time ,
my guess is that it tried to send a message of some sort ,
but that just got wasted on me.what i felt
that is basically this is a mediocre movie with nice special effect .
the river princess is terrible cute
that i rewarded other movie with 1/10 ,
this one makes quite some bad movie
i very rarely do .
but it was just too plain boring
stupid ,
some person actually reward this with 10/10 .
is not too bad ,
this is a weak film with a troubled history of cut and re-naming .
the ending may be funny
that i almost felt it insulted my intelligence
it is a perfect example of the well-rounded surprising story
with richard gere and the simply awful jennifer lopez .
subtle and wonderfully acted .
it is typical hollywood unoriginal crass commercialism at it is worst .
not the terrible full screen .
2.johnny stechino-very funny italian mistaken identity flic !
i consider this film one of the worst in the nightmare series .
it was so boring
unfortunately they forgot to add suspense and scare .
the dream child is neither funny nor is it scary .
what we actually get is a boring film with the usual bad actor
it is quite a mess.my rating :
4/10
# 6 is also a messy one ... )
this one does it with a near-perfect structure .
here we see a bunch of superb actor
the structure around the parallelism of the two culture is wonderful .
how wonderful
this film is probably best characterized as a sweet
`` witchery '' might just be the most incoherent and lamentably scripted horror movie of the 80 's but
it has a few compensating quality like fantastic gore effect
the dysfunctional family
xica da silva is one of the best brazilian opera soap ever !
as the princess all work wonderfully well .
also wrote the perfect screenplay
that i was stunned-this amazing classic can be watched time an again
and never fails to charm and delight the viewer .
there is a great scene of spock surrendering to a flabbergasted mccoy ,
that it was going to be boring and wondered how could they ever improve upon the 1984 version of bachelor party starring tom hank ,
sure there were some funny moment
4/10 is my vote for this one .
he could do the role of `` ratzo '' is a gem -
nor that it made him a star for such great work as `` deliverance '' .
then you have wasted your time .
he gave them superbly .
every character in this film was beautifully defined -
unfortunately ,
i get heartoken for both ... ..john schlesinger certainly must have been familiar with this sordidness to direct this chillingly beautiful eye-opener- waldo salt did not write from clairvoyance .
to see what the best song was .
to avoid a full-scale panic .
the movie is beautifully shot by kazan ,
the commentary is superb
probably the best
like an insightful seminar on 1950s film technique and film noir generally .
he loved it .
some of the flash forward/back are so so with the lamer character
my favorite character are ben
too bad they both died .
as a whole great
this is one of the dumbest film ,
and manages to make a mess of them all.there
is not a single good line or character in the whole mess .
you have not wasted your time
or money do not waste your time ,
but the joy of youth made it very enjoyable .
she suffers far worse condition than leaky plumbing and the occasional water bug ,
`` any movie with beverly d'angelo and sylvia mile as topless cannibal lesbian in leotard can not be all bad '' !
this movie is so childish and stupid '' comment .
i loved cuba in this film .
i also loved
is a perfect example of the triumph
i never realised before of how tedious and bland this cartoon show really was .
it is just plain awful !
it was so terrible .
it was not fun to watch at all .
even that is not fun to watch in this movie .
is not even fun to watch .
maybe then the movie would be enjoyable on a certain level .
this movie ranks alongside i spit on your grave and doom generation in the category of worst movie
unfortunately ,
this lame movie.this movie is incredibly boring ,
the acting is bad
the sound in particular was absolutely dreadful
very disappointing .
there is a great deal of `` steamy '' sex
unfortunately
makes an excellent and intriguing location for mysterious and occult occurrence .
including jean simmon as a frail but beautiful young woman
as they go to mexico for cheap booze and with the quest
then i would probably avoid this !
1985 was a good year for film - maybe even great -
such was the academy 's disdain for one of their greatest director ;
( superb ) ,
they tried to avoid the subject of actual computer operation as far
this is by far one of the worst movie i
the poor special effect along with the poor acting
but this one is lame !
but the amazing special effect work
i would have enjoyed seeing the invisible kevin bacon robbing a bank and getting away with it ,
this show is really good and fun to watch .
i rate it 10/10 .
i loved this movie .
it is rare to get a glimpse of post-partum vietnam ,
what an amazing look at how alien vet feel .
so it was a great film ,
the sequence was inevitable and unfortunately
this sequence ranks among the worst one ever made .
sometimes a bit of a mess.but the movie also suffers from the performance of nearly all the actor .
that however they could avoid in the first movie :
they are going over the top and become annoying .
wonderful actor .
dennis quaid 's character was so poorly written in ,
and to me this is the funniest .
while probably not the best of all her film ,
this film is fantastic
and have influence over is wonderful .
without the usual cheap thrill most film
where nidia gave him some encouragemant .
but the great one countered with a ddt
angle tried to take advantage by disabling the great one outside the ring and covering taker ,
but was rock bottomed by the great one and pinned !
but the good earth is one of the worst structured film i have seen in a long time .
and everything is fine and wonderful again .
this would be a fantastic place
that poorly written ,
the land is shot beautifully ,
too bad
the good earth is one epic waste of time .
ably assisted by a solid supporting cast .
this film makes use of some ravishingly beautiful rural scenery ,
but it is an enjoyable spliff ,
the movie is full of ridiculous element.awake
and it is full of absurd and ridiculous element
but all the plot hole and the absurd thing make of this a stupid and crappy film.with the exception of the great lena olin ,
all the actor ing bad performances.hayden christensen has zero expression
and the same apply for jessica alba.the extraordinary actor terrence howard is enormously wasted on his role.awake makes a laugh of the spectator.it is so ridiculous and full of absurd thing
it is welcome before too long and becomes stale and tedious
still as bad
it is a comedic gem
also the song is sadly kind of catchy in a sad way.eye candy :
you have got mail and feeling disappointed ,
it is a true gem and from this moment one of my favorite movie of all time .
the story is so beautiful ,
that you have got mail is a poor adaption of this classic .
still it is not too bad .
beautiful location
( stone still looks great )
stone is just fantastic here ;
-- this is not at all bad
it was stupid to do a sequel to `` basic ... '' 14 year
but the bell jar is one of my all-time favorite book ,
the worst movie of all time is that it is really not .
there are worse movie out there .
`` house of the dead is however one of the worst film i have ever seen at the theatre .
and you have got a rather pleasant `` picture '' .unfortunately the contrived plot as well
who have enjoyed the glorious color cinematography in `` robin hood ''
will not be disappointed in the fantastic work done here .
but really fails to do so .
is almost just as ridiculous.it may be worth
a friend of mine recommended this movie ,
and you reviewed this film as `` illiant '' or `` fun '' or `` better than the original grease
you have your fledgling adolescent hormone to blame
to the music is obscenely pointless .
all of the music is uncomfortably stupid
the t-bird should be badass ,
but instead each of them is an annoying wussy-dufus-loser .
there is no greater honor than to be one with the t-bird .
3. since michael is beautiful
you want to revisit this mess for old time 's sake :
how a little-seen 2008 film had somehow won the oscar for best picture of 2009
sadly
that this film had won award purely for off-the-screen reasons.the direction and visual style of this film is some of the weakest
annoying `` shaky cam '' visual ,
is some of the worst ever recorded .
the actor do the best they can in the circumstance ,
just not enough to obscure how bad the project is.the whole film has the feel
and thus re-edited as best they could so as to pass it off as a serious drama.if
and two hour wasted
do not write funny situation ,
find the funny in situation .
to write truly funny stuff ,
this movie was one of the best movie
will be disappointed .
steve did a wonderful job of portraying the person
it is still funny .
ok this movie had a terrible premise .
he makes a bad movie .
i thoroughly enjoyed this movie ,
and ridiculous i had to laugh .
however lame )
i was sad to see mst3k had not done this one .
because nothing could be as bad as `` manos the hand of fate .
it is a fun movie to watch .
surprisingly enough
smarmy bad guy of the piece.veteran director lamont johnson can not make a silk purse out of this sow 's ear of a script ,
which is stuffed to bursting with howlingly bad dialogue and outlandish situation .
and by far this is the best thing about the movie
obviously shumacher best work in the past 8 year .
but the film fails on the most fundamental level .
it is boring .
the best thing about the dr. jekyll is mr. hyde
but a story this tired needed a kick in the pant and funky new low budget technology
instead it is just a lame retread .
with mainstream fare being enjoyable
and generally light-handed in its judgemant ,
still she does not come off as weak ,
in the 19th century death of a loved one was something a lot more normal than now .
even though the development is not the best .
i highly recommend.8/10
what a disappointment !
although the acting and the production value are not bad ,
the script is awful ,
and the theme is disturbing.the main message of this film is
although i enjoyed seeing my beloved city on the big screen ,
it is terrible .
anne of green gable ings unlooked-for happiness into the life of a lonely old sister and other on prince edward island.lucy maud montgomery 's well-loved novel comes to life in this wonderful little movie .
excellent production value
not since spongebob squarepant have i seen a greater cartoon on tv .
the color are great ,
great great cartoon .
i love cartoon like this and i hope more person tune in to se this great cartoon .
the only catscratch merchandise available on nick shop is a great lookin shirt
in this glorious telling of a weekend shared among literary great .
describing without boring the viewer
packed with great make up effect and gore .
this movie was a complete waste of time.i viewed this movie with a group of cinematic enthusiast ,
not one of them found a single redeeming quality .
leading to a violent yet unintentionally funny climax
this emerges an innocuous time-waster \u0096 tolerable at just 88 minute but
the ending was wonderful.this movie is in the same category as pakeezah
sadly
we were famous for those great show windows
to get them to buy all of that wonderful merchandise.10/10
you were loved by many fan .
it was `` the crocodile hunter '' tv program with bad acting
bad script ,
and bad
how bad the script is ,
avoid this movie like the plague .
avoid this movie !
the great dictator
ivan the terrible
this beautiful story of an elder son coming home ,
the story is beautiful
and at time funny and comic .
this is a gem !
it is all good fun from those wonderful pre-code day ,
joan looks great
great to see him playing something different .
and william bakewell is excellent as the poor confused other .
and there are some great montage
great fun !
an insult to anyone 's intelligence ... my roommate was laughing out loud most of the movie
the detective has to be possibly the worst actor i have ever seen
i enjoyed watching this one .
( sounds stupid
my favorite part must be where she rips up her dress
to kick the stupid robber 's ass !
you will not be disappointed !
the american remake of the grudge is by far the worst film i
unfortunately
well too bad .
each subsequent use became laughable
it is funny as all get out .
is the idea behind it.unfortunately
we see the internet get worse by the week-the social networking site or chat room
the story though is so disjointed its boring with it
i loved the movie ,
the movie was great .
when claire dane took the blame ;
she is a great actress.also ,
it was the closing of a great fifty or sixty year period of creativity
but in film it was even a greater period of creativity
but fleischer and cinematographer richard h. kline do a great job
dumbland is not for all .
in fact dumbland maybe in for nobody except lynch
and that is what make it funny and a collective cartoon .
dumbland is a wonderful picture of some american
and hit wife and kid for fun .
my favorite episode are :
easily one of the ten best movie of the 20th century .
this is one of the ten best work of 20th century cinema
but a thoroughly excellent film .
how is it that so many enjoyed what i consider to be a woefully bad adaptation of my second favourite jane austen novel ?
chintzy mess from opening credit to butchered ending.while many character
the worst by far is paltrow .
i have very much enjoyed her performance in some role ,
an extremely disappointing effort -
though even a perfect emma could not have saved this film .
such great actor such a disappointment .
marlon brando play and awful character ,
the movie is not funny at all ,
a subconscious message can be seen
`` it suucks so badly ! !
avoid at all cost !
awful
francis ford coppola delivered a mess of sop and pretentiousness entirely incongruous with the first two film ,
once again proving his last great work was `` apocalypse now '' back in the 1970's.what is worse ,
even if it would be no fun to watch ) .
his confession to the priest was bad enough ,
because she was possibly the worst actress i have ever seen in a best picture nominee .
but the line was delivered so poorly i burst out into long
-- they were pretty boring .
part ii gave us the perfect ending .
it was bad to begin with ,
then got worse
victor burakov played to perfection by stephen rea .
perhaps he is the worst of us gone terribly wrong ?
also does a great job .
all around a very well done movie with fine performance and a great screenplay .
the person *behind* the facts.9/10 star
that is exactly what thomas needs to kick the assistant baddy .
`` this movie is a beautiful
and the movie is 'beautiful
much worse than the original .
dialogue is still bad ,
and music is mediocre .
barman paints his character with great deal of verve and competently interweaves their individual story
that reminds of the best work of robert altman and paul thomas anderson .
some great performance by matthias schoenaert
natali brood and the extremely funny duo from ghent
home room was a great movie
it was a great movie .
i loved it so much .
mislead by the terrible lie on the cover
`` fun as american pie ''
`` dwarf are fun ho ho '' ... )
and definitely amateur in the case of most of the girl ... awful movie .
badly produced ,
and you did not bother for any of them.rather bland
( and sometimes downright bad )
vaguely reminiscent of great 1940 's western
excellent cinematography
the expansiveness of the big sky country provides a wonderful setting .
and the acting range from good to excellent
with great performance from dennis hopper and j.t .
labeled as neo-noir
the plot is full of amazing coincidence and improbable timing ,
beyond `` noirish ''
the worst horror movie i have ever seen .
i love bad horror movie ,
at time there is nothing more entertaining than a poorly made slasher flick .
especially since the movie fails to tell you
the best/worst part of this movie
and boy i was right.a great story first of all from a novel and i thought
none of the character actor mentioned earlier can ing this movie out of it is mediocre state
despite some funny moment
this is not a horrible movie ,
it is an amazing coinsidence
that they continued their work during the terrible ordeal
that faced them.a great piece of work .
highly recommended.regard ,
that are actually jumpy/ scary but plenty that are just plain dull.all in all an unpleasant film
otto preminger 's noir classic works almost as a flip-side of laura ...
and the stunningly beautiful gene tierney is stunningly beautiful !
a perfect laid back sunday morning movie .
the humor is subtle
a great combination of cast and writing .
either ( beautiful ) .it is probably not the type of comedy for everyone ,
recommended 110 % .
that does a great job of blending horror and comedy .
cut fails on most level .
not even as a `` so bad it is good '' movie ,
poor acting and a predictable ending are a few of the element
( we do have our gem
this was the funniest piece of film/tape i
who messes up a big delivery of stolen car
routine and of course randall is the best thief
but at time it is predictable too ,
since there are only 50 beautiful
all in all the best way
is that they keep getting worse .
that mark is bad .
that his film under bruckheimer keep getting worse
8mm was not great ,
because the story was great
and it certainly was worth a look at in the theatre.7/10
one of the worst movie i ever saw .
but it failed miserably to do this.the acting was terrible ,
the story was ridiculous .
it was so predictable .
the mexican accent of the leading lady was insultingly exaggerated
worse than a cartoon .
if you really enjoyed the 2002 resident evil movie ,
that this movie is just a cheap knock off of re .
and loved me .
and it helped me to realize just how messed up our social system is .
that antwone fisher should be a `` best picture '' nominee for sure .
and while the science is all perfectly absurd
and downright laughable
because the movie is thoroughly enjoyable .
the acting is great ,
complete with ray gun and ridiculous science .
what starts off as a typical cowboy/indian western suddenly descends into a very dull romantic 'comedy ' about honus
after enduring well over an hour of poor acting
i bought this movie from best buy
how bad could it be
it is pretty bad .
he is teamed with an `` on-the-edge '' bad cop
but thing turn bad for the guy
ll cool j is terrible in this film .
the ending is far from satisfying.do not waste your time with this film .
i have always been a great admirer of nicolas roeg
and `` walkabout '' is one of my favorite film .
there isa russell is just excellent
she does a wonderful job of exuding the phobia 's and nuance
you can make an excellent case
that this is russell 's best performance and i probably would not argue .
busey also gives a good solid performance
and this is probably their best film together .
to make one of the unfunniest film of all time .
avoid !
that i am a sucker for a beautiful film ,
gojoe provides far more than just beautiful image
it is second greatest strength is superb acting
and a fascinating story with some very dark philosophy .
laying waste to everyone.still ,
the film is definitely one of the most interesting and most beautiful film i have seen for quite some time .
recommended !
sadly
every major male character is portrayed as weak
harron fails to point out
harron also fails to make a point
i loved every minute of it .
( loved sabu with the djinn 's foot
boring
the hillbilly chick in the opening sequence is ridiculous
and seems unbelievably random and pointless .
random is also the perfect description for a lot of the camera work
even worse the editing ... sure ,
its ok once but here its annoying and fake
annoying also attributes the `` music ''
its no fun
the script is a cheap try on `` wrong turn ''
though was delighted with the unexpected australian horror gem .
and found 'cut ' to not only be the best of the genre australia has ever produced ,
but one of the great parody/comedy film of late.my only concern is that mainstream audience may not pick up on a lot of the comedic element -
both performance were fantastic
this movie is one of the best horror product of the last couple or year
as well as a beautiful satire/parody - toungue-in-cheek till the very end.loved it .
when the powers-that-be disowned this waste of celluloid ... the editing is el crapo ,
the plot is incredibly thin and stupid ...
but i do ... and i really feel bad for ron leibman and tom poston
and it is less formal in structure.sadly
-- and often quite terrible .
it was an amazingly dull and uninteresting film with only a few exceptional story
because i had loved the first film so much
to be eaking out into such ridiculous song amidst their misery .
the very cynical and enjoyable `` chicago '' worked on a similar level
something pointless like `` mary poppin '' ) .
the best musical number was probably
to help poor oliver escape the clutch of the evil bill syke ) .
there are other great and classic tune
being a pick-pocket is fun ,
where person on the street of compton eak into happy song about their horrible life .
was probably the last of the great film musical
strikes back with the less than perfect ,
yet still fun in a `` dirty old man type of way
( perhaps the best so far around )
a fun horror film for a saturday night .
that the result is laughable .
predictable
this movie is by far one of my favorite .
and leave the movie with a great
( late great anthony franciosa )
and blames it on the poor guy ,
( great genre-mainstay and first time director john saxon )
the jail over.john saxon is a great talented actor
lacks a certain visual flair would be a bit of an understatement .
is just bad enough to be humorous sometimes .
sadly
i was pretty disappointed .
i may have enjoyed the film more .
and still remains as the best football player ,
this movie was bad .
this movie was horrible .
the acting was bad .
that ridiculous .
and they are supposed to look stupid.then
equally insulting is the 60 's horror music
and makes you want to shoot your television.the stupidest part of the movie
word really can not describe how bad this film is .
zandalee was bad ,
this is just laughable !
terrible script
poor direction
- far more enjoyable and much better value for money
it is terrible !
santiago dougla as adrian is excellent .
that has been put into wes anderson 's `` fantastic mr fox '' ,
unfortunately all the love is for himself .
and make it funny .
and this is the best
and to be perfectly honest look like a bit of a mess .
i can not stress how much of a waste of time this film is .
how she move a near-perfect rating
because the content is truly great .
that is absolutely ridiculous !
and amazing dance routines.from
and surprisingly realistic .
how she move is not perfect of course
that is equally enthralling thank to the amazing talent of the dancer !
and exciting with no slow or boring spot .
the ending is disappointing .
it is not a bad ending
then you will end up disappointed .
and it is one of the best movie of the summer .
rating 8/10
and is married to his beautiful wife gina
nanette may have been dearly loved by her son
in what should have been best picture of the year ,
horrible ninja movie
but it is also an incredibly enjoyable one .
but his 'wisdom ' is laughable .
have such horrible dialogue
folks.a terribly fun movie ,
sakura killer is a hard-to-find gem .
a really very bad movie
vary widely throughout the movie.she and an annoying and possibly retarded little boy
but it is not used to any great effect .
the creepiest scene is one in which a man or demon with a really messy-looking wound of a mouth rapes someone .
there is a laughably and painfully bad scene
all of the x-man movie were great .
they had solid character
( magneto and xavier were the best one
i was so disappointed.hugh jackman is not a bad actor
( his best movie is the fountain ,
the motivation for wolverine are plain stupid
revenge for the death of a loved one.oh .
that does not need a solid back-story
as a great car movie must be getting paid off by daniel sadek
easily the worst automotive movie or any movie ever made .
put in some really crappy special effect and lame character with no relevance
but should remain in the real estate business.this is such a lame movie with such a lame plot and the most contrived action sequence ever .
how did this amazing film
jim shirdan is to me one of the greatest director in the world.the screenplay ,
the music and anything else is excellent in this film .
as everything occurs.ray macanally and brenda fricker are amazing
before my left foot.my left foot was the start of a wonderful period in irish film .
a wonderful period for irish film.my left foot is a powerful outstanding film.daniel day-lewis plays the crippled christy brown so well and so illiantly and the same goes for hugh o conner
those two performance are two of the best ever film performance
that he is an great actor.this
is an excellent masterpiece in film ,
it was the best ever filmed of the novel .
how disappointed
the scriptwriter have decided to stick in bit of ridiculous humour
which are embarrassing at the best of time ,
and poor ewan mcgregor is made to look laughable !
and bad guy against each other .
always sound great on paper
sound great does not it ?
it would be great .
it all could have been gore soaked beautiful .
one of the worst movie i have ever seen .
acting was terrible
the lighting was terrible ,
and there were too many mess up about the time of the day
the best acting in the movie was probably from the sheriff
it is not going to be perfect ,
human being are come on that the same like jumping in a fish tank with a great white shark
what a great cheese ball of a premise for a low budget horror movie .
the acting is almost awful except for the actor fortunate enough
but my favorite movie of his is the black cat
it is a great scene .
but this is the worst movie i have ever seen .
but it also has awful cut .
if you want to see the worst movie
or if nothing else is on a good time waster with no
this cast plus a light hearted touch make for a not a great movie but a fun one..on a scale of one to ten ..a 4
leaving oscar a changed and more cleanly individual.jack lemmon as ungar is absolutely superb as the neurotic ,
great actor create a partnership
so great in fact ,
with simon 's amazing script ,
it is excellent script
stupidity !
i just finish watching and i still have bad taste in my mouth .
too much stupid character
( both on a bad way )
rest of the cast is even worse ... our `` bad guy '' is really bad .
who goes unfortunately deeply down under his level with this ,
the rest is so bad ,
it fails to treat the issue
the film fails to reveal what the ld church espouse .
but it would have been great to hear the whole story of joseph smith 's truly interesting life .
hope they do some documentary on this fascinating subject ,
`` moonstruck '' is one of the best film ever .
nichola cage and danny aiello are great
is fantastic .
`` moonstruck '' is an excellent movie for everyone to see and laugh .
a must-see ! 10/10 star !
so that laughably weak premise is the excuse to butcher person in horrible way ,
the twist are laughable ,
you might watch a bad hg lewis film .
it is just god-awful trash ,
who get off on this type of pointless gore ,
i absolutely loved this movie
released in the final part of lar von trier 's fantastic horror satire the kingdom ...
plus a great performance from udo kier in a more substantial role ...
marium bello is as great as in her other independent/small movie
like bad pacing and dramaturgy ) ,
it is just really become annoying to the point
they are still a bit dull though .
i loved
and recommended highly
it on video a year later.it is a great film
but why the poor review for this movie ?
steve martin should have been nominated for best supporting actor as a movie producer
if you loved magnolium
i liked this movie a lot.i rented this expecting something not too bad
not intended to be just a stupid slapstick comedy
and involving and has a refreshing feel to it .
you wont be disappointed to watch this .
because it is so terrible .
that child are stupid and are excellent for absorbing endless ad
because it is slapstick funny .
( badly )
you do not get a refund .
after i was told the no-refund policy ,
that was made into a beautiful and moving movie !
that was awful ,
so i enjoyed revolver .
the acting was superb from all the main actor
was great.though a step below such movie as
that the special effect were bad would be a disservice to the field of special effect .
spare me the cheap attempt at sci-fi
it is a tour de force of bad sci-fi -
also pretty much fulfills one of my longtime bad movie contention - bad guy always wear sunglasses.if this were not 2005 ,
this film was some sort of insanely poor metaphor for the cold war .
tom is wasting the bad sunglass guy with his never-ending banana clip
that even in the worst of science fiction we can all find something to laugh about .
`` a chorus line '' is arguably the best musical in theatre .
and is arguably the worst film adaptation of a broadway musical ,
dougla ' character is capricious about choosing to whom he extends a sympathetic ear ,
the very beautiful `` hello twelve
and replaced with the dreadful
'' a song so bad
adding insult to injury ,
which deserved far greater respect than this sad effort .
and she is great at playing the innocent victim .
her best work being in the precode era .
and even ron howard used a variation in a beautiful mind .
there are no redeeming quality to revolver .
and might even outdo his wretched remake of swept away as his worst film yet .
this film is full of bad scripting and laughable moment .
then he is a bad dude .
then they writer or director goes out his way for a bad ending .
that is right a bad ending ,
cheaply i might add and chases her out .
then as she is walking home ala funhouse .
some of my favorite wrestling moment took place on this stage .
johnny b. badd
maybe at the next great american bash ?
he was great.-dirrty
i am not going to waste my time
writing an essay and waste your time .
are being totally ridiculous .
johnnymacbest
this movie is so stupid
it simply goes around the corner and becomes ridiculous .
i fast-forwarded as much as i could and still i could not get rid of the boring moment .
is not that amazing ?
and the `` tooth-fairy '' was lame .
wearing a badly made make-up .
the acting throughout is excellent - no question .
peter egan as the lead magnus pym is excellent.the film portrayed the life of a traitor .
its one of the dumbest movie i have seen .
its worst then resident evil .
bad acting crap .
it is bad as crudy vs gayson .
absolutely the most boring movie i have ever spent my money on.this was a wrong choice for all these great star
to waste their reputation on .
boring !
boring !
boring !
who have left me disappointed at the way
`` running with scissors '' leads the public to anticipate great acting in a film
that film viewer are pretty much acquainted with her solid and reliable style of acting .
this girl was the part.it is a great movie
i was not disappointed .
and no one could have played this role to perfection
who was the perfect foil for carrey 's antic .
this one is boring
cheap
having seen this gem of a film in a sold-out house as part of this year 's hamburg film festival .
there was not one boring bit in it
a great clown if need be and serious
equally great was charlotte gainsbourg
i had a great afternoon
due to the frequently superb acting and dialogue
i avoided this at the cinema
and it is much worse than other mj movie like `` the wiz ''
just seeing this lovely guy and hearing his wonderful music is a trip to heaven for me .
it has to get a 7/10 from me .
i have been familiar with the fantastic book of 'goodnight mister tom ' for absolutely age
'goodnight mister tom ' was an extremely poor adaption
and practically 4.5/10 of the book was missed out .
that a lot of the character and some great scene in the book were not in this .
anextremely poor adaption
i absolutely loved this film !
that there were so many perfect choice
where the film could have gone for the cheap thrill ,
and that for me put this movie above so many of the mediocre thriller
i loved this show so much .
it is funny
lauren character is so funny
and ameche do a wonderful job with the voice of chance
and the acting by the animal themselves is just amazing.i have seen this movie 72 time already
it is indeed my all-time favorite movie !
the repeated blowing up of the beautiful house in the middle of a desert
and superb screenplay .
it was a great film
the lead pair were not great actor
played wonderfully by frank morgan .
as well.this is a wonderful
it was because the movie was badly written ,
why anyone waste money
to make this insulting outrage to american cinema .
it was beautifully done
it is fantastic on more level than i can remember .
it explores relationship at a fundamantal level
and is also a great tutorial on how to relate to your partner .
this superb tale of revenge
has only one weak spot i can think of :
( versatile at playing both good guy and bad guy )
the showdown between stewart and mcnally on the cliff is great !
was neither funny or rather dramatic .
he was supposed to be making fun of ,
destroyed by the poor lack of funny comedy .
but sadly the execution is what ultimately hurt this film .
he had a wonderful concept with this film .
sadly
attempt to be funny ,
townsend 's attempt to poke fun
while speak a message about the film industry falter .
what could have been beautiful satire transform into simply generic humor
to help spice up this dull story .
to even ing the worst out even in this entertaining family .
but these typically funny comedian were obviously underused
that townsend had to pull from that hollywood shuffle would have been funny
sadly
townsend can be funny ,
we are threaded through a weak story ,
he just failed in a ball of flames.overall ,
this was rather disappointing to watch .
that it is going to work perfectly ,
i loved this movie !
but i really enjoyed myself .
world at war is the best wwii documentary
it could talk a bit more about the great depression and why/how hitler got to power ,
it has great music and narrator .
all-in-all i gave this one 10/10 ,
and we spent an hour afterward exclaiming over how bad it was.warning :
they want her to marry a boring guy their own age
she decides to marry the boring guy .
that the boring guy
it is that bad .
i left out the part about the cancer red-herring and the harpy 's ridiculous lesbian moment .
it is fascinating how both story line keep intertwining with each other .
hoyt axton as the local sheriff watch in amazement at what unfolds in his town.disorganized crime is a fabulously funny caper film by a bunch of player
disorganized crime is one very funny caper movie
rarely have i felt the need
complete with the requisite abusive husband and dull suburban existence .
that almost all content in this dull movie is completely hackneyed and trite .
montford 's pathetic attempt at symbolism
is laughable.when
everything is completely predictable and uninvolving .
being as stupid
and the inclusion of joy division on the soundtrack of this wretched film is insulting.the part
and it is not as bad as 'btk killer
' the ultimate marker for judging any terrible film .
but this film is just as bad
with great energy .
he is given a lame
pointless script
he attempts a lame jerry lewis act and fails miserably .
peter berg is wasted in a thankless role
peter falk is also wasted ,
though he has a few funny line
that is too much talent too waste on a clunker like `` corky romano . ''
and it is made worse by kattan 's hammy acting .
it is bad enough
that is funny
when you have a lame gag
it is a hell of a lot worse .
but i am not gon na waste my time .
if you predicted bad thing from the trailer
'they all laughed ' is a superb peter bogdanovich
the fantastic soundtrack
who is superb .
and ritter fall for beautiful dorothy stratten
full moon has a number of awful film ,
but this has got to be the worst .
they seemed to have just wasted a lot of time
which is simply horrible .
horrible casting .
his `` crying '' is actually funny ,
and his madman antic are even funnier .
is just as bad ,
can anyone say pathetic ?
they were laughable .
but it looked more like cheap zombie makeup for halloween.this movie is just horrible from the start .
the story is stupid and very
do not waste your time on this piece of garbage .
competent theme and solid construction by those
this film is a triumph for loesser 's amiable and subtle lyric
truly enjoyed it .
then some bit might be funny in a sad kind of way ,
group of buddy are throwing popcorn and abusive insult at each other and the screen .
it does not even qualify as a so-bad-it is-good movie .
it is just plain bad .
very bad .
i grasped the 'this guy is a bit of a badass
who you do not want to mess with ' message behind the ingenious scene .
we already have our ultra-evil bad guy ,
that only poor action film can accomplish
the vital ingredient up until now missing from this gem of a movie ,
that a lame movie must have .
so now for the best bit
to convey the message
that actually enjoyed the movie to whoop a few time .
bad guy
michael dougla and kiefer sutherland did their best to inject some reality into the story -
disappointing on the whole despite some very good scene .
i did not like the idea of the female turtle at all since 1987 we knew the tmnt to be four other with their teacher splinter and their enemy and each one of the four other are named after the great artist name like leonardo
but to have a female turtle is a very weak point
why do person bitch about this movie and not about awful movie like the godfather .
titanic is the greatest movie of the 21st century.with great acting ,
and sadly one of the most underrated movie i have ever seen .
apart from that it is truly the best movie of all time .
that is almost cheap-looking enough for ed wood .
audience gave it the bad reception it richly deserved .
wender was great with million $ hotel.i do not know
that the best someone can do with a great idea
who is actually at the level of stupidity
.the character are not well shaped.and the most important thing is the idea that is given with religion is somehow funny to me.at the ending scene
that gets 10/10 is that sentence.but it is wasted behind this film making .
they are just the `` poor '' and the `` hopeless '' one
the dialog throughout the film was just horrible .
and topped with the cherry of horrible acting as only a porn star could deliver .
and all the beautiful car
then picked up his lead from hollywood 's unemployment line.and the script.yikes.it mystery science theatre 3000 bad.this is 70 's made for tv movie bad.yeah ,
and the action is directed so poorly you can not get excited by the chase ,
avoid redline like bad cheese .
that truly seemed to have been `` born bad '' .
are just born bad '' ,
this house was not born bad but rather became bad
because the house was bad to begin with .
was absolutely ridiculous .
the original nel was not a bad person ,
my favorite movie of all time remains so .
and the script was so poorly written
one of the worst cheap horror flick i have ever seen ...
the movie actually stars the less than amazing kim oja as a stewardess
who is 'surprisingly ' overlooked by the five hijacker ,
more commonly known as kenny bania from `` seinfeld '' .i can not forget to leave out my favorite part of the movie ,
to blow a lock off a door ... brilliant.the plot
was unnaturally predictable.the script - atrocious .
would make a stupid comment ,
the only thing special about this movie is that i wasted the cost of electricity
just because it is bad .
and the stupidity of them in the film is too questionable .
example is the poor
who likes to watch some awful death and practically torture .
one of the great mystery of life
is why nice girl so often are more interested in the jerk and heel than in the nice guy.worse ,
and he is perfect in the role
intended to be bad guy
full of spoilers.this is a pretty fast and enjoyable crime thriller
it to broadway.it is a lot of fun for a number of reason .
and fred jone are superb .
dyan cannon gives a pitch-perfect performance as the anxious wife
the sequence was inevitable and unfortunately
this sequence ranks among the worst one ever made .
sometimes a bit of a mess.but the movie also suffers from the performance of nearly all the actor .
that however they could avoid in the first movie :
they are going over the top and become annoying .
'a smile like your ' is a pathetic comedy
she is quite a boring character
no interest.they are the two most boring and often annoying character ,
( although joan cusak is pretty funny in the restaraunt scene ) .danny
but her character is too predictable ,
it is stupid
the overall movie itself is utterly boring ,
the main character are completely boring .
let alone funny.joan cusak should have been in the lead
cusak would 've made even a lousy story outrageously funny
the performance in this film are so dull
what is worse is that it is colored like an episode of miami vice .
but when we have got masterpiece such as bad eduction
you will feel like a pampered weakling after watching these person herd their animal through ice cold water and walk barefoot through the snow
the priest is played by jame `` roscoe p. coltrane '' best
establishing and transition shot in great quantity ,
this film is another in a series of huge disappointment ... most of these so-called `` master of horror '' film are only horrifying in term of their sub-par effect and laughable story line ... aside from ron perlman ,
best to just sit back
( which was unfortunately cut from the televised version i saw ) ,
this movie has a great deal more to recommand it.sidney bruhl
to add insult to injury
an absolute masterpiece of suspense and mystery.the acting is excellent .
caine gives his usual excellent performance ,
reeve also gives an excellent rendering of a man
an unsung classic that is unfortunately only remembered for a scene
but the movie i will probably see many time.thi film is unforgettable with perhaps the richest imagery i have ever seen in a movie .
i loved this
i thoroughly enjoyed it ,
provoking message just plain good fun entertainment
highly recommended to those of us
and not dissect them great fun for all the family here .
she is excellent and very sultry .
the song like one boy and one last kiss are really enjoyable to listen to and to tap your foot to jason alexander is the complete contrast to his character in pretty woman ans is very good .
overall i just loved it
and share their reaction to this horrible incident ...
rampant bad behavior is occurring in the street !
but in all fairness it is watchable and rather funny .
it is just a stupid film about a serial killer
who gets doused in a load of toxic waste
this film is really stupid
but it is funny .
this is not my favorite wip
but it is fun to see how hard he try to put this film above your average chicks-in-chains flick .
while there were some funny part
the funniest joke were unexpected and over very quickly ,
there were some poor scene transition ,
or superbad .
i loved this movie .
and everyone loved it .
they loved it !
this move was great .
we have loved and lost .
they have loved and lost .
great direction
and superbly acted .
who have lost a loved one
this is a cute animation loved very much through my eye as a child .
because i am a huge thriller fan.i was not disappointed .
the acting was superb
but young adam and young fenton were excellent .
it was beautifully shot.one must also note the plot twist .
even though i have re-watched the film so many times.a true gem .
but her problem are about to get a whole lot worse .
every character is extremely sympathetic
but she is not stupid .
but he also has great comedy skill.nigel cole finds the perfect tone for `` saving grace . ''
especially when you are having a bad day .
kamal amrohi is one of the rare poet of cinema
this movie is just great .
pacino does a great job
and make it sound just great .
it is really just that great .
but that it makes you actually root for the bad guy ...
to give a perfect answer ,
not even beautiful but just a plain-looking woman with tinted skin ,
annoying - my ears may bleed
unfunny twit !
poor
poor mrs potts was not ought to life by angela lansbury
not if she did her best !
it is also highly poor and
this movie is just not funny .
josh kornbluth is the antithesis of funny ,
the judas priest joke may have been the least funny thing
and as for the incredible overuse of the pixie ' `` debaser
to cause him to write/direct/produce/star in such a terrible movie ?
my god this movie is awfully boring .
and some great performance from gershon .
gershon is great as always ,
her best film so far .
the plot was pretty lame
that this was a pretty stupid movie .
d 3/10
that the character were in i most definitely give this movie a 10/10 .
the film was bad would be a missed opportunity
.one to be avoided .
and sees the perfect creepy ,
and the cinematography is great.7/10 .
and he was fun to watch .
refreshing view of relationship today .
with the usual bad dubbing
but the movie is one of the best of its kind ,
this is a great movie
it plays like a dean koontz book.bill paxton 's performance was great
who wrote `` my beautiful laundrette '' ,
( this is the best thing
and it is beautifully acted.as the eponymous mother anne reid betrays her wasted life in every gesture .
caught up in a messy affair with the man her mother seduce
and even messier life ,
the film is also extremely beautiful
as the best british film of the year .
and that the writing was good but not great .
kind of pathetic in a likable way .
and justin lane were excellent as the roommate
was by far my favorite ;
and very funny .
but none of it was bad .
ridiculous and funny.i am giving this one high mark ,
but unfortunately his good film are just gem amongst heap of crap and devil hunter is very much a part of the crap .
especially in the funnel scene ) .
damon shine and really has proved a very solid actor ,
for none have been bad .
excellent film all in all and a fantastic ending to an amazing trilogy.p.s .
the entire thing so ridiculous
well the hollywood mogul have got a lot more ridiculous and foul-smelling stuff for you to swallow .
this `` movie '' is such a bad work !
plot is weak ,
what a waste of time
much more stupidity of that same kind is going on and on leaving the audience wondering
which just turned out to be a bad one .
such a waste of time even to try and write about this low-low supposed-to-be `` movie '' .
the ending was so funny
leslie mann also had some incredibly funny moment .
highly recommended !
funny film
and enjoy the great soundtrack .
i especially enjoyed the orb 's version of jimmy cliff 's vietnam and the tower of london 's take on freebird .
you will not be disappointed .
i am able to embark into the past of all the great star trek episode .
-- `` i like the next generation '' the best .
granted datum from tng is great
not only is picardo such a great actor but the premise
that is science fiction at its best !
which are blessed with 2 beautiful woman right from 1st episode ,
if you get to watch the rare footage --
what a great job !
and the chemistry between the actor is amazing .
but ashanti does not even have that going for it.what an incredible waste of time .
as good as it is ever going to look unless anchor bay gets a hold of it.the gore truly stands out like it should and you can really appreciate the excellent makeup and gore fx.the sound is also terrific.it is only 2 channel dolby
and the effective although cheap sound effect.it never sounded so good
and the excellent transfer adds to the overall enjoyment.i never realized just how much blood flows in this film
especially of the italian kind.there is some excellent set piece and cinematography to be found ,
the dubbing is horrible
but that is part of it is charm.to me this is one of the best horror film ever made ,
you can not make a film this bad
excellent set design
sometimes great cinematography
wonderfully cheesy acting
great makeup effect
beautiful woman
excellent music
directed by uwe boll.based on the video game director uwe boll attempt to recreate the game into an action-packed nail biter sadly
instead he makes one of the worst movie
tara reid and stephen dorff his movie lacks the necessary fundamental
and not to mention the bad cgi used on making the monster .
a little lame .
honestly this is one of the worst movie
the action is terrible
dragon dynasty 's releases up to this point are by and large superb
that is the best thing
'' a leaden soap opera with almost terminally bland performance by ingrid bergman
featuring a fascinating performance by will smith and a story
which i also loved .
too bad i figured out will smith 's scheme early on
that this show was poorly produced as well
and make the best of it .
that there is after all a great deal of true production integrity and value out there
the story line is a scrambled mess ,
there is a lot of wasted talent and time here .
lowe is quite obnoxious .
beautiful cinematography in a collaborative effort by william fritzsche and bill daniel .
and the script is quite weak ,
if you like low-budget horror film give this one a look.8/10 .
a dreadfully predictable ending to boot .
she blames not only her dysfunctional relationship but also her messed up life on her poor mother.though you may think
badly of this woman ,
beautifully
this character has dimension and portrays great emotion.a truly illiant performance and an enjoyable film.8/10
despite not being one of the best disney works .
great character
`` the age of not believing '' and `` the beautiful briny sea '' are the very best .
`` portobello road '' is nice too.david tomlinson is great in this film once again .
angela lansbury is great as miss price
even funnier is whenever professor emelius browne is transformed into a white rabbit because ,
but its ending is quite bad .
is weak .
in great part because the animated knight thing is a little too much for me
sergio martino is a great director ,
my personal favorite of the martino film i have seen
as `` la coda dello scorpione '' is an equally excellent film
the case of the scorpion 's tail '' excellently deliver all the element a great giallo need .
regular giallo leading-man george hilton once again deliver an excellent performance in the lead .
the includes the great luigi pistilli
another great actor
is actually a great setting for a giallo .
and the photography great
`` la coda dello scorpione '' is another excellent giallo from sergio martino and an absolute must-see for any lover of the sub-genre !
and great in all regard !
he is unpredictable and scary .
it is alway nice to watch neatly captioned scene from great movie
what makes the movie such fun to watch is the unanswerable question
delivering perfect english in most crazy way ,
is a perfect void ,
( the name of the notoriously `` unreadable '' french psychoanalyst is fundamental to \u008ei\u009eek 's thought . )
and this `` osama witch project '' is the hands-down worst film i have seen this year
worse than even `` catwoman '' -
which is the only redeeming factor in this entire pathetic excuse for a motion picture .
even the cheap-ass/no class terminator knock-off `` class of 1999 '' is more entertaining than this !
the movie was that bad .
what the poor woman sees in this guy
his acting was so bad ,
perhaps the worse casting in the history of hollywood .
if it was just as excellent as remember
this is one of the best reunion special ever
and having fun
it is amazing the amount of effort
she is getting into great danger herself.there is not much good to say about this one ,
except maybe for the surprisingly many different location throughout europe .
the ending is hugely disappointing .
and how the world all fits together.the best part of this film are some of the line
that it passes 90 or so minute in a 'fun ' way
if you have great movie to see .
it is a total waste of time and money .
the movie is so bad
that i felt bad for wanting to watching it .
everything in it is bad .
actor were bad .
script was really bad .
and the worst cgi ever .
he is so stupid
the film never got boring the plot
the acting was fun to watch
and the action was quite fun as well especially the climax gary busey makes a good hero ironic
to finish it of plato 's run is an enjoyable effort from nu image film
and i give it 7/10
my son loved every minute of this film ,
because of its beautifully illustrated scenery and its non-stop excitement !
10/10 hidden frontier crew.make
but -atlantis- represents one of the worse film in that motif .
the character are weak .
that each member trots out seems stock and awkward at best .
while the character were thin at best ,
the best part about -atlantis- was the voice talent .
funny line
was the worst .
the plot was bad .
the script and the animation is peppered with annoying sloppiness .
it must be the spirit of the crystal beaming message to the surface .
when the cataclysm of stupidity set in -- but any of it **hardly** qualifies her father for deification ! !
atlantis is no longer a weak power ,
and avoided so much badness.4/10
-- the movie is enjoyable
this `` thing '' is just an awful sequence of extremely short cut of blurry camera work .
the story is so badly told
stop reading now to avoid spoilers.for instance ,
it is just an extremely stupid idea .
this combined with the awful ,
i am sorry for the wasted effort of the main actor ,
what makes for best picture material ?
that have aged poorly ,
would land a best picture .
is a great bit of characterisation ,
which does not really have as many great routine or memorable set-piece as an american in paris ,
it certainly is a great show .
but transcends its roots thank to excellent casting ,
but he is the best man for the job
perettus and luque are excellent together and remind me of screen team terence hill and bud spencer ,
a wonderful and very entertaining action comedy
nor insults your intelligence .
or are letting their disdain for the star casting of macaulay culkin influence their judgement .
that the use of a child with limited dancing ability in the title role is not a cheap stunt
and they have been put in as a cheap concession simply to appease unsophisticated audience
and the worst aspect of his make-up is that it is still recognizably his face ,
how wonderfully creative baryshnikov 's nutcracker mask was - the `` jaws '' actually seemed to move whenever baryshnikov tilted his head back.the dancing itself in the macaulay culkin version is excellent
unlike the weak 'elvira 's haunted hill ' ... anyway i love the way
which is extremely powerful and sought after by the bad warlock
bad uncle vinny :
beautifully photographed
though sympathetic and lovely to look at
`` one of the cinema 's few perfect actress
before i returned to my normally favorite chair to subject myself to more torture.dean morgan
but this one was just plain bad.the good part :
when she ran.the bad part :
bad acting
a total waste of $ 6 and time .
is by no means a bad film ,
the film actually works best as a touristy video
but too mundane and slightly boring ,
this is a *bad* movie .
unfortunately for me
the worse it gets simply due to the fact
and this movie portrays it very poorly .
but i found it to be shockingly bland from almost the very beginning .
i know other enjoyed it ,
to be anything but - a lame
extremely boring drama disguised as a thought-provoking action sci-fi flick .
pass it up for kitamura 's far more enjoyable freshman effort `` versus '' or his 2004 riot `` godzilla :
dialogue-heavy movie.if you wan na talk about something ... talk about boring .
as all of you are as funny
and awful actor to boot.the main gag in the film is one of the character shouting
which is funny
tedious and dare i say very plain woman leads in the film.the worst film i have seen in year ,
and hopefully never see one as bad again ,
( my favorite jame bond )
a poor orphaned 18-year-old girl
`` this book is amazing ''
its beautiful language
and surprisingly fresh
and it was a wonderful experience .
this version is still my favorite `` jane eyre '' film .
the first anch was too flimsy and not funny .
to be funny .
the third was just flimsy enough to be funny .
the number of review praising this absolute waste of time bolster my suspicion
rating it even as much as average.this makes my list of the 10 worst movie of all time .
and nearly pointless .
but it seems to be a lousy excuse
do not waste your time with this movie ;
the opening sequence had a terrible rock song .
during this terrible rock song
it is a sadly routine slasher film
with a ghost face killer and some really terrible joke .
yeah ... this is not a `` so-bad-it is-good '' movie ,
it is just bad.someone compared this to a troma film ,
is horrible .
not horrible in a troma sense --
would have saved this film from bad acting .
that seems a bit contrived and is hardly subtle .
8/10 .
the storyteller at his very best .
that you`ve had a great time .
an amazing work.thomas mccarthy
`` houseboat horror '' is often regarded as the worst australian film ever made
as they are attempting to shoot a music video on a remote lake in the australian outback.badly acted
and written slasher flick with zero suspense and annoying characters.it certainly delivers the gore :
but you have been warned.at least it is better than swedish `` the bleeder '' .4/10 .
the plot line of no one sleeps is not a bad idea ,
why is the sound so bad ? ''
this film is so bad ,
poorly produced
( and a damn funny one at that )
the set are laughable
the effect so bad
that they are not even laughable ,
then unfortunately this movie will be beyond compassion for you .
it always ridiculous
pointless but undoubtedly compelling late-night feature .
oh fun !
than that of francois deroubaix 's funky score
are solid ,
it was not the best re-cap episode i have every seen
i also enjoyed trying to place the episode
a great potential indie film or big budget drama .
mason gamble is great
that remains of the story plays out like a bad after school special .
poor person = good ,
rich person = bad .
and ( unfortunately )
filled with wonderful song and a spectacular performance by bara ,
presented as 'festive fun '
it is funny ,
and it is superbly written .
it sounded ridiculous .
plays his part perfectly
that his own lot is not so bad.this film has fewer weak or dud scene
it correct every time.i particularly loved the drama scene ,
she is beautiful and single ,
great !
that it is still a great power after world war ii .
so that it becomes weighed down and unfunny .
the script is too poor
and some of the greatest comedy talent
raymond huntley and john le mesurier - are criminally wasted.terry-thomas
this movie was great !
it was an excellent rendition of an ancient myth .
but that was perfect for the movie .
that needed the character to bust into song.perfect .
10/10 .
makes other so called comedy like dead boring .
one of the best of all time !
trey parker and matt stone play their role as loser with apt perfection .
this is a great film .
jr. does some of his best work to date as brashear .
this is an awfully cramped and claustrophobic feature ;
mostly for lost opportunity and bad career move .
too bad ,
because this could have been great .
i avoided this film like the plague
when the bad review started coming in eight year ago ,
you are in for a big disappointment ,
it was one of my favorite show .
a wonderful film to watch with astonishing scene and talented actor
but it is also one of the best film
it is still wonderfully written
edison chen as the hit-man is incredible ;
is excellent .
this catiii film is highly recommended .
8/10 .
the acting was poor .
the character were unsympathetic.the best scene
and found it awful .
.this series was awful
he was just awful ,
this series is just awful to show us the truth ,
a somewhat awkward spy mystery with a predictable plot about world war two danger .
the best acting is done by raymond massey as dr. ingersoll ,
he seems so badly miscast
that the casting has to be ranked as one of the worst in film history .
i absolutely loved it ,
but most of all by the haunting and beautiful music .
which is sadly unavailable except as part of a ridiculously expensive laser disc box-set.unfortunately i feel
they have made some pointless alteration ,
but worst of all i feel
which i find annoying in many disney film.this film still blows away most recent animated film ,
which is sadly missing from most modern mass-market
how could we as a nation even sit in judgement ?
accused of the most dreadful of act .
is a showing of great emotional strength
the entire support cast are also excellent ,
with director of photography ian baker capturing this great land with splendour
that fails her
and bruce smeaton 's music is perfect for the part .
and i am disappointed
the character really have great personality
not so great ,
but they are still funny ! ) .
the range of different type of person is great .
my favorite character must be mr.aoki .
it is a perfect movie with wonderful dancing .
unfortunately we never get the chance to see them go to blackpool .
would make for the perfect sequel if
in general home ward bound 1 and 2 are the best movie i
it is a great movie for the whole family .
once controversial adaptation of jeffrey konvitz ' best-seller ,
( not an entirely bad thing
it is an enjoyable movie
i can not really think of any redeeming feature of this utterly bad rendering on asimov than the art direction .
this was not only laughable and but painful to watch .
even the action was boring .
a mixture of mtv inspired production value and utterly bad dialogue probably aimed at very small children.what a shame
that sci-fi this bad can still be made
truly awful .
one of the most provocative film ever with excellent cinematography
played by eva longorium clearly loved the movie and role
lol.the best part of the movie would have to be without a doubt
was acted to perfection !
it just seems a pitiful way to remember such wonderful character .
it is all rather disappointing.one feel
i am appalled at how bad this film is .
i would see a film worse than those 2. granted
there is the horrible casting :
you will also be disappointed .
this fantastic whodunit is an early prototype
what really makes this movie fun to watch
is michael curtiz ' fantastically imaginative direction .
showing an incredible command of the medium ;
that he was one of the best hollywood director .
highly recommended
it is film-noir at its best
its amazing
what a fun b-movie !
shepis is absolutely beautiful
this is truly a b-movie gem .
i enjoyed this film
is the best ww ii documentary ever produced .
most of the time it was treated as a tax shelter or a cheap way
but may not be understood outside of the great white north .
for canadian 8/10 for the rest of the world 5/10 .
i was in absolute awe of this beautiful lady .
as they did in this wonderful movie .
i forgot to mention how dynamically beautiful miss carter looked in this movie .
she was the most beautiful creature
before alexander the great.or
the writer of the greatest hero of the bible should have at least paid closer attention to the chronology of biblical person and event .
would not it be great
if not another teen movie actually put an end to all of these stupid
pointless ,
in a perfect world
yet this one is even worse .
yet it is `` funny . ''
is just plain dull in this movie .
if it is being bad on purpose .
that he is not the best director of all time ,
that winner has somehow managed to round up a simply amazing cast of talent more than makes up for it .
the cast list is truly superb
with the relatively unknown cristina raine heading up a great support cast .
whose resume is stuffed with some of the best work of the genre ,
she is great with the fighting
unfortunately
filmed on the cheap
is much worse than his other .
the weak satire capitalize on american ' then-fresh fever for the new age of technology ,
it showed great potential .
it was disappointing
and it is the worst clich\u00e9d
which would have been better for the audience and saved us from two hour of the worst acting i have seen to date .
it was recommended to me by a friend with mediocre taste in movie ,
by god is it awful .
is just plain awful .
by being so bad at point
the isabel girl was pretty godawful too ,
although it is obvious the direction was bad
and the father was not half-bad to my memory ,
predictable story
the editing was probably the worst i have seen ,
and here is my favorite part .
and as bad
( my four year old loved it ) ,
cary grant and myrna loy are perfectly cast as a middle class couple
and an explosion of the original budget.there are many great laugh
be more funny than eddie murphy .
the movie is really bad and the performance of the girl
really bad
that this work it is incredibly bad.the first thing
awful story and terrible performance .
and the excellent santo and johnny song
unfortunately
the film turns funny for no apparent reason !
what a waste .
soderburgh does an excellent job
the acting was as bad as re-enactment scenario on the `` fbi file '' show
the worst re-enactment
can possibly be as bad at re-enactment ) .
even after bad movie i feel
or enjoyed some aspect ,
though the character were utterly boring .
what these person did to a perfectly good play .
which are 95 % of the film _by some of the best
perfect for doing a drill in keat 's 'negative capacity '
one of the best documentary released in recent year .
it focuses on his popularity with the poor
which eventually got the message back to venezuela by cable tv.14 .
whom only a referendum could constitutionally replace.8.9/10 - at a little over an hour long ,
which rarely gets touched upon .
makes a great companion piece to `` the battle of algier ''
this is the best movie i
this movie was wonderfully plotted
that was funny
when person act stupid and do stupid things.but
even though there is a pointless aspect to the film
it is well acted.the performance of depardieu and dewaere are very enjoyable.they have a good chemistry together
that it was a bad movie .
you find his work/not funny then i would recommend staying away from this one .
the movie was terrible at editing .
the direction was not bad ,
what is most ironic is this is probably her weakest written role to date .
nana patekar was excellent as her father-in-law .
deepti naval as the mother-in-law was excellent especially in her final scene .
sanjay kapoor was all right ,
shahrukh khan was wasted in his bad boyish type role .
only because it came at the worst moment ever .
damroo bhaje was boring and nothing to rave about .
dil ne pukara is too boring of a song
despite the poor editing ,
this program is a lot of fun
and these four are excellent in their endeavor .
sophomoric and pretentious in the worst way .
the little good information on ain function/chemistry and quantum theory is lost in a sea of new agey horse sh*t.
the worst offender were the crack-pot charlatan ramtha and joseph dispenza .
and clich\u00e9 ridden.i would refer person instead to bill bryson 's excellent survey of science :
i saw this dull waste of time on hbo 's comedy channel
but there is absolutely nothing funny here .
a good cast is basically wasted on a script
the first half is particularly bad ,
as it has some of the most dull ,
pointless dialogue i have come across in a while
that i really enjoyed the film very much .
while other trashy junk out there does.it is great to see falk with a big leading man role again
is a funny
this cannon movie tale is the worst of the lot ,
poor sid caesar as the vain emperor
is made to look so stupid ,
the `` song '' are dreadful
beckinsale performance was a little weak though .
and i give it a 7/10 .
it lacks surprise
the coffee slogan is a lousy thing
and the ending is thoroughly predictable .
i really enjoyed this
that mess with your mind
it handled the time travel theme and the avoidance of paradox
-- the art direction was really great ,
and they both delivered amazing performance here .
the acting seemed solid
despite some pretty solid performance by the actor ,
it is not one of allen 's best
but it is far better than his worst.the acting is
allen is bad
but johansson and jackman are just great
-- they look fantastic
( surprisingly )
is great and in perfect sync with the film 's variation .
jada is a wonderful additive to the cast and sandler pull tear .
and was a great supporter for sandler.i see oscar somewhere here .
but this is a great film regardless
one of arnold 's best .
he does what he does best in the action man role ,
delivering death with unforgettable one-liner .
dawson is perfectly irritating as the tv presenter ,
ridiculous act or violence or just a good action film .
poor well-dressed errol flynn
unfortunately
as an excellent actor .
overlooked as great performance
it has a very weak script .
it really become laughable at points.of course
the movie also does not feature the best actor ,
that casper van dien really is not a bad 'action hero ' and actor ,
it is not the worst genre movie i have ever seen
but it also are not exactly the most original or memorable one either.4/10
that the entire beloved cast of other rendition would constantly join in the action .
it is ridiculous ,
uninteresting and pointless.every episode ends with robotboy winning
excellent cast
there is also some great f/x
is now utter gibberish and very laughable to all person
thereafter i would not waste my time .
they are pitted against each other for the warring couple.it is a poor attempt at copying the original classic and the song are quite appalling .
this has got to be one of the worst fillum i
boring
i can not blame them -
the nicholas cage character is so badly drawn
that he was in the worst movie of his entire career .
a great example of this is the rewrite of the boarder crossing
my perspective on holm 's performance was that he portrayed the disorientation of samson during his wife 's defection excellently and i believe
i have seen a lot of stupid movie in my life
the worst one ever !
has horrible acting
lame porn music throughout the whole thing
i would have to compare the lameness of this movie to the like of `` twin dragon '' ,
this is by far worse then any of those .
do not even waste your time .
pasdar is entirely credible and empathetic as the ambitious business man
i found this movie to be very funny ,
i loved
but it is pretty funny .
and since i am a sport fan i loved
how they made fun some of the more ridiculous thing in sport .
this movie is great for non sport lover too ,
if this style of comedy is not your favorite
is an excellent romance with a nice twist
( a surprisingly game candice bergen ) .
( with the predictable argument
the acting is so bad
it is not even funny ,
that i had wasted 1hour 21 minute
avoid at all cost .
to write and paint in this incredible 1989 film .
great script and wonderful direction by jim sheridan help to paint a vivid portrait of christy brown
one of the greatest actor in the world -
funny and loving .
nothing at all.brenda fricker is amazing as christy 's mother ,
the wonderful thing about fricker 's performance is that the support
but this is an amazing achievement by all involved and a must-see .
who finds this film boring is a hopeless bonehead
and does not have a boring moment .
because the singular non-homicidal element is a second-rate bland awful-acting 'wes bentley ' mopester .
perhaps a greater emphasis on societal rejuvenation through blood intake ,
character development and story development are lacking ... unfortunately ,
( and that poorly presented )
but honestly it was a frustrating and disappointing waste of an hour and a half .
trio 's vignette were insightful and quite enjoyable .
the performance and attention to detail were wonderful to watch.observation .
but it was much worse .
the twin sister are two of the most annoying celeity around ,
this is awful gush of rubbish film .
pretty poor !
all the character become unsympathetic and unlikable
the only redeeming feature of the film for me was a rare appearance from ken campbell
unfortunately the only one evident in the film .
one of the great classic comedy .
a fun
a buyer beware guide to a new home.filled with great character
this was not bad .
the spot were amazing .
i enjoyed it .
unfortunately
the stupid fan did not care for this .
reaction was disappointing .
creative screwed up again.a stupid diva thing is next .
that is refreshing .
lame .
a few other were solid .
smackdown is not a bad show
and enjoyed it very much .
paul linder make an excellent combination finding eccentric miachel bate
was a perfect casting decision in the movie and for the movie .
my favorite cast member was sandy ryan played by the magnificent and underrated dea kara unger with her own special performance again in the movie within the movie .
is not that great ,
for me `` the legend of zu '' is perfectly transparent .
it is a really beautiful film !
that probably would have been best.i noticed the presence of lindsay crouse and jay thomas - both very good performer -
so awful
unfortunately
to waste an hour or so .
he is bad
if not always the best ,
derek jacobi as claudius is superb
and while the other three actor do a great job
that it is the work of a perfectionist.not
but this piece of trash insult me to no end .
first of all the movie is starring lizzy mcguire 's other as the annoying little kid
but redeeming quality to this movie were
that it was so bad
me the bad acting made me wish for death .
the only thing worse then the acting was the end of course the hero spend
this was a superb movie .
the acting performance were great
and the script was equally great.helen hunt was magnificent as the riverside police officer gina pulasky .
and marc price was great in this film .
this is one of the funniest movie i
and start a huge and ridiculous fire fight is one of the most incredibly funny stupid action movie moment of my life .
that makes fun
and consider it a great classic with great veteran actor .
except the radio and the starting out of great film being made in hollywood .
it seems very corn ball and stupid ,
and 30 's and they were a great generation
that loved good family film .
... this is a wonderful film
with a great cast
jack lemmon and walter matthau wording a perfect script by neil simon ,
based on his play.it is real to life situation done perfectly .
that it will be as funny and fresh a hundred year from now .
that sequel were never made.10/10-ld_________my faith :
it was very funny .
i also fun
because it sucked bad !
( not bad tit and ass though ) .
but the story is too ridiculous for word .
you will be disappointed ,
if someone asked me to do bad acting just to give me a few buck
where do i sign up ? overall boring and laughable horror .
the movie had a little bit of a weak 1st act with some forced acting and a somewhat disjointed rhythm and pacing
it is just functional ,
but the execution was lackluster with mediocre direction ,
weak acting ,
and you can get the movie for very cheap as well
you might not want to waste your time
unless you can get the mst3k version to at least get some laugh out of it .
doghi is a wonderful movie
and renuka daftardar is excellent .
who is usually excellent in most of her role .
its an example of marathi cinema at its best .
where the social message is hammered in .
the movie is a poor copy of hollywood blockbuster love actually.my suggestion .
this movie is not perfect .
there are some great absurdist moment ,
is excellent .
10/10
it took paul reiser 20 year to write this beautiful romance/comedy.actor :
10/10 well you can not say anything else
a perfect outcome
it is no wonder this movie is that perfect
as the son paul reiser does an excellent job ,
although he is not a great actor
actually peter falk and paul reiser plays the perfect father and son
10/10 it does not always work
the music is perfect in tune ,
a great soundtrack for a romance/comedy thats for sure.overall :
10/10 there are so many romance/comedy movie out on tape
a great piece
it became one of my all-time favorite movie .
i hope with great anticipation
try to be funny and fails miserably .
the animation is just terrible ,
plot is dull and cliched .
but do not waste hard earned money
to pay to see it.1/10
though it is by no means the worst of its type you will ever see .
- the beautiful `` victim
having come to their premise with only the worst of intention ,
i saw this film in the worst possible circumstance .
who 'd won best actress at canne for the role .
he has achieved one of those rare monumantal work of art in the cinematographic world
a wonderful funny pitiful laughable loving frightened beautiful personality
the cuasi-surrealist scene fit in perfectly :
which i consider an excellent film ,
11/10
the indescribably annoying french woman
but is really just stupid .
when her mental health takes a turn for the worse .
and an insidious message
he had a bad experience
and it is great !
the film is wonderful
this film is sexy and excellent !
this film has to be the worst i
with the acting so poor you just have to cringe .
the worst movie i have seen in a while .
yeah its fun to fantasize ,
this was just terrible and corny and terrible at being corny .
unless you are five or like terrible movie ,
dreadful .
but marsden was terrible
-- unsympathetic
the moment of half-escape were not thrilling but irritating and weak .
dragon hunter has to be the best-looking animated film i
so uniquely beautiful ,
i love to praise a great movie and i am not biased toward `` male '' movie .
legally blonde was an excellent film .
weak ,
poorly written ,
making at its worst .
this story is weak
even if i ignore the poorly written story ,
every character was a mess .
georgia was a horrible mother ,
her daughter was a horrible mother and daughter ,
and lohan was a horrible excuse for a human
while this is far from his best ,
late richard farnsworth 's performance is one of the reasons.8/10
tobey maguire gives an excellent performance ,
frederick elme 's camerawork keeps one interested in the dull bit
this film is the worst film
the story line is weak -
the editing is horrible .
associated with this waste of film .
do not waste your time
this was one of the first and best of the american punk rock movie ,
originally the producer wanted cheap trick as the star ,
but the fan always loved
is stupid fun with some classic ramone footage in their heyday .
it is great fun ,
it is muddled as nobody is painted in a very sympathetic light.i do not understand
i watched the whole tedious thing
and built expectation for a huge redeeming payoff .
unlike urban legend the screenplay and the story line is very weak .
and that is what makes valentine the best .
who have made fun of him .
because the story line and the direction is very weak ,
everybody has loved the soundtrack as far as i know .
i saw this gem of a film at canne
to collinwood is nothing short of superb .
great fun throughout
( superbly
it is superbly filmed but when one discovers its real function
in directing which entails a communicative treat to film redeems the global weakness of the story and its doubtful aspect .
der todesking is not one of my favorite jorg buttgereit film -
or exploitation in the style of the nekromantik film or schramm will probably be disappointed .
but seriously - this is a sometimes beautiful
if you dig this type of film - check out subconscious cruelty - in my opinion the best art-house/horror film
7/10 for der todesking
he is superb .
nothing or anybody gets anywhere near the delicacy and profundity of friend 's characterization .
he provides wonderful insight into the world of the trainable
the script itself holds the movie together wonderfully .
either we are collectively too stupid
stupidity abound .
you can have fun with this film .
nicole kidman is at her best
moving and funny .
ben chaplin succeeds to avoid being completely out-shadowed by nicole ,
really bad this movie is .
this very tiresome and predictable movie .
i could go on and on about how bad this film is but i only have 1000 word .
do not waste your time with this one .
which actually was the worst movie
than how terrible the soundtrack is.i hope
and musical ability.the acting is at best poor ,
the script is at best a crime against humanity ,
and denise richard is at best 67 % styrofoam and 33 % ziploc bag .
you know thing are bad
i have loved the character -
the not-so-stupid-as-you-think-he-is jack o'neill
woman and kid favorite
sometimes even ridiculous ,
! funny-that sum this movie up in one word.what the crap was this `` thing '' ,
expecting to laugh at all the bad acting ,
and stupid corny dialogue ,
you will be highly disappointed .
( great expectation
while emily mortimer and rufus sewell played a cute couple in wes craven 's 'pre-lachaise'.natalie portman was beautiful as usual as the actress girlfriend of a visually impaired french boy in 'faubourg saint-denis ' .
execution by gena rowland in 'quartier latin ' was equally aww-inducing.this movie is perfect for those with adhd
she is a great actress.this movie
( anil kapoor )
his wife and kids.anil kapoor en juhi are natural born actor / actress .
they are great .
he is very annoying
not funny .
and is a waste of a cast of good actor
and actress like anil kapoor
because you have got an excellent ensemble cast does
the basic premise of the film is not bad
it was less like a drama and more like a very bad episode of `` general hospital '' .
subtle
while most of the reason this film reeked was the awful script ,
-- especially when playing gangster in film noir movie .
this is a rather awful film .
i had high hope as i usually love bad campy holiday horror movie ,
it is really just a bad attempt at showing a character slide slowly into insanity ,
is not a bad plot ,
but is done poorly here .
which are not intended to be funny ,
we watch wallace 's rather dull life proceeding ,
but not laugh-out-loud funny .
that the creator of best intention and pelle the conqueror could make such a bleak and boring film .
what a waste !
and was not disappointed .
it is funny ,
and the animation is excellent .
so i am surprised at some of the bad comment on it .
one bonus to the dvd is that it was fun to see both version of the pilot .
i am very disappointed
twin peak is one of the most boring title i
season 2 started with a 'funny ' scene
that is all.this scene is really boring and even long
his effort seem to indicate some bad advice
but the story fails to explain his prolonged fascination and love for davis ;
their performance are wasted .
bette davis ' characterization was famous for inspiring a `` write-in '' campaign for the 1934 `` best actress '' academy award .
this is an excellent show !
this movie had some great actor in it !
unfortunately they had forgotten how to act .
the plot was great
to appear in this one.avoid this at all cost .
even doing the mst3k thing
tedious
dull
who lists night of the living dead at number three in her top five favorite movie of all time ,
not an insult .
it is intended to be funny ,
it is terrible .
that it is actually worse than a 1940s sci-fi movie .
ridiculously stupid
it was so bad
cracking good yarn with all the actor giving great value .
michael curtiz at his best .
lot of nice twist and turn and probably the best of the philo vance series .
william powell looks wonderfully relaxed and at his debonair best .
there looked to be some promise of a mediocre affair ,
disappointing and irritating .
anne reid gives an excellent performance in spite of being given some peculiar situation and line ,
siegfried.her other is too weak to ing the murdered
and so is kriemhild.these movie deal with great theme
superbaby ... .oh dear ! !
and still enjoyable .
not seem to change a great deal ,
is a pretty bad movie
making it big ? this is a real lame movie
that falls apart due to poor execution .
because the film maker fumbled the ball this time.do not waste your time with this movie .
( in fact the best acting was by the person
sadly no other reason
but the direction was horrible .
if it were a worse movie .
it was not bad enough to be a `` good-bad '' movie
get the mst3k version ...
it is more fun .
although he is my favorite .
and with thomas newman 's beautiful and haunting oscar nominated score to go along with it ,
but it was just boring .
unfortunately
a weak attempt
to waste the cast
-- -with the cast of saina the teenaged witch as the hero ... a movie so downright awful
pointless and with a `` monster '' so stupid and uncoordinated
the way a terrible
after a ridiculous ray-gun fight in a prison on another planet
it is that bad !
actually this movie was not so bad .
and also funny ,
`` the negotiator '' or `` the langolier '' he play a very sympathetic person ,
is not that bad ,
doing badly
this could have had a 'bad news bear ' feel
and leaves a dull pain in your bone
is not fun to bag on
not fun to watch ,
boring .
as dull as the day is long
who do not have xp give this game a try.its a fun clean family game with action and its great for any spiderman fan.in the game
is a fun little game
and i recommend it to any spiderman fan or a parent wanting a fun
clean game for their kids.8/10
in your movie a stereotype is an extremely poor strategy -
especially when those same character only eak their hackneyed mold in predictable
but the script is so awful
it is hard to find anything redeeming .
a bit quirky and bordering bad taste ;
the acting was the best ,
and played it wonderful .
the cast was great alfie looking shocked with those big eye farrah
what made the original killer tomato fun was it was made by person with no budget
but it just was not as much fun .
but he is supported by lame actor
cheap special effect and unfunny gags.the plot .
they are going to stop him ... forgettable direct to video nonsense ...
i vote 7/10 .
but the funniest part of the movie is when player attempt to `` psyche-out '' other member of the opposing team .
and it is very fun to watch !
stone once again delivered a great character .
she looks amazing !
and a great ending
as in the best season of `` 24 ''
i particularly enjoyed the fight in tanger ,
`` the bourne ultimatum '' is definitely the best movie of the series and a very interesting and original action flick .
ian looked positively ridiculous .
true love with an aztec princess and life would be just perfect
with excellent special effect
some great wonderful dramtic piece ?
it was a really great story for a made for television movie ... .and
unfortunately
all in all jeremy renner 's performance was not too bad .
avoid this one .
and that picture was pure silliness - and not very funny .
was i disappointed !
the story is extremely boring
is bad ,
a best-selling book about honour killing in jordan is withdrawn by its publisher
what follows is a fascinating insight into a pathological personality ,
that is not astonishingly dramatic but unproven at best and most often
horrible .
horrible .
horrible.you know
how it could get any worse .
joe raposo 's song are for the most part simply beautiful .
( sadly )
.very glossy movie in beautiful technicolor with jaw-dropping fashion and furnishing
everybody looks perfect and dress in beautiful
the story itself is lot of fun
but seeing them so young and glamorous is great ... especially stack ...
when he smiled my knee went weak !
is fantastic
-- she deservedly won best supporting actress for her role .
vicious and sympathetic ... all convincingly .
fun
which could be made to this amazing achievement
the avoidable war
even after the fourth or fifth time its still unsettling.great film !
there is a lot of boring and totally irrelevant padding footage
which is not bad \u0096
but it is all so very pointless and ugly
there is an annoying synthesizer soundtrack
and some truly embarrassingly lame pseudo-artistic camera trick
that more or less qualify as worthwhile for trash fanatic and that ' is when a poor girl is cut in half with a machete .
it is great .
super mario 64 is one of the greatest game in the history of 3d game .
10/10 .
a perfect 10 .
unfortunately ,
will take a place of dishonor in the gallery of horrible russian movie .
and avoiding water .
i particularly enjoyed the fact
stupidly contrived moment
of course some of the dialog was not perfect ,
that is exactly why i enjoyed the movie so much .
it is a perfect fit for this genre of a 70 's horror classic.the talent needs
adam jone has found an imaginative and refreshing way to empower his character and actualize what matters most .
but fortunately or unfortunately the film was a failure .
it was wonderful .
it is an episodic multi-character study of tokyo 's poorest ,
all the character were wonderful and all the story engrossing ,
an emotionally moving and beautiful film .
the film props itself as a fun and entertaining time .
the film is fun and entertaining.the camera work ,
being a tad weak ,
was overly enjoyable in the fact
but a fun watch and a fun experience .
( who 's very annoying ;
( very funny !
and moreover the weak obvious ending with- christmas is not all about present .
i felt stupid walking out of the theater with a bunch of baby and toddler laughing and so forth ,
frozen waste .
is superbly handled
this has to be one of the best of the whole series ,
this movie was not awful
she is a very beautiful and talented actress .
the book is great
the movie was a huge disappointment in my opinion i
i had enjoyed it a lot .
and bad.here is the plot .
that talking about how fat and bitchy our one classmate was to be far more enjoyable than paying attention to this movie .
best plan ever .
or funny
it is just a waste of 90 minute
getting there i found too predictable
and to this day i still consider it as the olsen twin ' worst .
while when in rome is not a terrible movie ,
it is not a great one either .
it is good fun for teenager ,
and i have enjoyed some of their movie like passport to paris and new york minute .
both girl do not do that bad a job ,
the soundtrack are not half bad either.however ,
sadly
it is harmless and predictable teenage fluff .
4/10 bethany cox
the accompanying music fits perfectly
i thoroughly enjoyed it in a way
it is superb and yet
but these actually make perfect sense in the long run
as they contrast the more dysfunctional moment .
this undulating landscape of emotional cinematography creates a perfect balance
but this one must be among the very worst .
as this movie is soooo predictable .
as well as boring .
and annoying .
terrible.an example of how much this movie stinks .
not only is this scene pointless and not important
yuck.best scene of the movie is right at the end
but you can not really blame them .
shame on you ! 1/10 .
... ... this film is pretty awful ,
that i unfortunately have seen worse.the jungle music
that `` awful '' look ,
it is also predictable but not in a good way .
it is also terrible )
that are subtle enough
what he ended up with was a confusing mess .
perhaps the most disappointing aspect to this film is that
*end spoilers*avoid this one .
for an excellent psychological
low budget porno flick would be an insult to the old
and it is family comedy entertainment at its best !
it is kind of fun
until a profane tough new york city-type woman with horrible accent
the hairdo on pitt - an exaggerated pompadour - was fun to look at .
this movie has some of the best martial art
she did a great job nontheless !
you are really missing out on some great martial art action .
stewart and sullavan are perfect as the average couple with real emotion and tension ,
and there are some funny moment
`` whipped '' is likely to be enjoyed only by the kind of young male
the self-conscious horror film reference are annoying
but it was refreshing to see such a nasty movie
that gore can overcome a stupid story and evil breed reinforced that .
that their best hope of getting back lies in provoking history
impressively directed and surprisingly well thought through ,
but it is a forgivable flaw in a surprisingly good sci-fi actioner.optimum 's uk dvd is a good transfer of the uncut 138-minute version .
i am a fan of the previous best of the best film .
but this one was awful .
the acting was terrible ,
and the action was bad
as bad.i have never liked the original thunderbird ,
the best thing about the movie is when the credit roll up
i can not believe i wasted $ 7 watching this through pay-per-view .
that i enjoyed it .
as it is always made to look.it was not all bad .
the great plot comes from the novel by tim krabb\u00e9 ,
and sets an excellent mood .
especially if you liked 'spoorloos '
this movie is beautifully designed !
is at his best in this role .
this may not be the best picture of the year ,
but it is a gem
the movie is played like a 50 's horror film only alot more fun
the videostore version is looking a little worse for the wear .
if any other fan of the movie want to e-mail me about it feel free.p.s another great performance from edie mcclurg
that he will be deserting his man at their greatest hour of need macarthur reluctantly ,
that gen. macarthur achieved his most illiant victory as well as his worst military defeat .
after outflanking the advancing north korean army in the illiant and perfectly executed ,
a number of scene are literally laugh-out-loud-funny
because it is truly a stand-out in regard to how pathetic ,
and disturbingly awful it is .
this is the worst .
i wasted over an hour of my life on this useless garbage ,
the talk is not of the master 's great film like `` north by northwest '' or `` stranger on a train '' ,
which showcases the great director in fledgling form.emily and fred hill
setting one up for a perilous journey at best .
at least not here.the hill are a dull
subtlety was still to come.everything is shot in an aupt manner
nothing about the ending resonates.at least you get some enjoyable view of london in the early 1930s ,
an excellent example of `` cowboy noir '' ,
great j.t .
in a perfect role for him )
the lighting by cinematographer marc reshovsky is superb in its moodiness ;
and walsh are all fun
who also graces the film with an enjoyable
and if nothing else is certainly never boring.8/10
in my life i have seen many great and awful movie .
these actor are the worst i
another awful thing is about these dialog -
they are so lame .
if my message reaches you - save your time and money .
we will walk in the ray of a beautiful sun .
yet there is an undiscovered gem
avoiding the mandatory street slang
she is absolutely beautiful .
bing crosby is in great voice ,
but the song are not his best .
probably great in its time
avoid this waste of celluloid at all cost ,
the saddest part was that lame werewolf suit with the functional wang .
not to mention the acting is terrible
and the soundtrack is dubbed badly .
but do not waste your time or money
that i did not have the best time
but that is just my opinion.this is a solid western-type movie for everybody 's taste .
heath ledger is great as always and the sexy naomi watts charms the screen.give this movie a chance
the whole project goes bad ,
here a lot more emphasis is put on character and situation and messing with your mind .
dark and stylized template is complemented by great lurid lightning .
it shoves noir in our faces ,
and it is not necessary.what is worse is that the dialogue is a little contrived .
unfortunately
( an excellent book
i hate to spoil the fun of telling
( who 's gay to avoid the tv taboo of inter-racial dating ) ,
beautiful
gave it a 7/10 ,
it made for a very enjoyable evening ,
nancy drew was never great literature .
nancy is perfect
it will never be a great movie ,
( portrayed by the amazing theater actor ian mcdiarmid )
was one the best part of the movie .
what an amazing end to such an iconic character .
the best part was of course the special effect .
it is amazing how a film from the early eighty can still stand the test of time
( leia look amazing in that metal bikini )
and incredible special effect is a fitting end to one of the most beloved franchise in cinema history .
most famously in the very great `` it is a wonderful life . ''
a great premise is a great premise no matter
the performance are excellent throughout ,
wonderful choice of music
michael caine is superb as the sympathetic bartender .
jim belushi does a great job as an `` average joe '' kind of guy
always excellent
and even has some surprisingly moving moment in `` mr .
`` mr. destiny '' is not `` it is a wonderful life
`` mr. destiny '' is an enjoyable
funny
she painfully avoids any confrontation with human
these were a very dull and painful 90 minute .
normally i try to avoid wasting energy on bad film making .
how on earth did nanouk leopold get funding
( in large part from publicly financed fund )
the result is an insult rather than a tribute to a female perspective on life.to make thing worse ,
a perfect cure for insomnia .
1/10
is another gem in this fine director cap .
besides some superb action scene
superb production value
if it could get any worse .
this is lauren bacall 's least engaging role and one of her poorest performance .
and his is pathetic .
is the most sympathetic character .
he is best remembered as a nasty henchman in countless western ,
joe as a performer is far from the worst thing about this .
beyond a shadow of a doubt mysterious planet is one of the worst movie ever made ,
because the poverty of its special effect and astoundingly awful sound track in the first 15 minute
there through most of the movie thinking `` is this supposed to be funny ''
it is a lousy script with crappy character
something funny is surely about to happen
i was bored stupid about 10 minute
have enjoyed some of jack black 's earlier movie like shallow hall and i am really looking forward
but this is one of the worst movie i
so terrible
the effect are so poorly done you wonder
that the best they had was a guy
( migraine from the bad acting ?
there was great use of light and texture .
simply caused greater intrigue in the main character himself.beyond
that loved this movie ... i wish i could find this on dvd somewhere ! !
i would love to watch this now just bc i loved
and found it very enjoyable .
filmed on location in north carolina and with a wonderful sound track of traditional music
and wants to have some fun .
and voyager started very bad
overall it was solid trek material
the opening theme is dull
what was really bad was the completely gratuitous lotion rubbing scene
this will be an interesting series.my favorite line :
image are great
quite boring ;
that grey owl was great environmentalist .
but this one was ... bad .
call it hard or soft or something stupid like that .
is not really that bad and at least the dialog is halfway intelligent
without the ridiculous awkward phrases
this is pretty standard stuff.3/10
with emotional subtlety
great acting
and some genuinely funny moment .
but it was incredibly dull and boring .
stupid humour
there just is not a cure for a poor script once in production .
in a word ... bad
at best .
the mib organization has a jrotc summer camp vibe.the movie was not terrible or anything..
and did not really add any originality to the mib universe.a perfect analogy would be episode 1 to the first 3 film .
as the worst movie ever made .
it is worse than a home video
it was just horrible .
to this day it is the worst movie i
and i have seen some pretty bad one .
who loved his earlier work like trust and amateur ,
what hartley does best is setting his story in small situation ,
i am slightly disappointed in the film
be severely warned for a disappointment .
although this inn has a terrible past
to describe what is happening in this poorly scripted story ,
while the acting is simply sub-par with the bland character
child actor can be incredibly annoying ,
lochlyn munro and chandra west are somewhat solid ,
it was a okay time-waster
but at the same time extremely forgettable .
-- a fantastic work of art for the action genre .
that it is better than hofd.basic element from hero are found in hofd : great landscape
worse
but since the story is weak ,
to be avoided at all cost .
was a bit disappointing ,
ed wood look awfully good to me right now.when i return this piece of crap to the video store ,
you will be disappointed .
are terrible in this .
with a different outlook and more sympathetic compassion for grieving family .
this is one of my two or three favorite stooge short ,
and undoubtedly christine mcintyre 's best performance with the trio .
her singing is not funny at all ,
in fact it is downright beautiful ,
that strictly gives the phrase `` low budget '' a horrible name .
it is not an example of high camp fun ,
bottom-of-the-barrel entertainment at its best ,
as big as a texas prairie and equally as boring .
taylor actually looks bad
making it an excellent choice for ridding yourself of unwelcome house guest .
this is not bela lagosi 's best movie ,
bad at keeping her mouth shut at all the wrong time ,
and the sexy robson greene lift this from the trash category to a very enjoyable `` romp '' .
who almost steals the show with a great `` laid back '' performance
he ever looked at her great body .
the whole thing is a great deal of fun ,
for letting the paying customer have their say in this fascinating venue .
if only it was because of the poor quality of film
watching the character of the domestic help conversing in perfect english is too unreal to be true .
* the quality of direction is very poor and some key and delicate scene have been poorly handled .
the other were wasted .
they get every willing televangelist to hype this film as the greatest thing since sliced white ead .
they encourage as many fundamentalist christian as possible to purchase copy of the film so
will they be disappointed and disillusioned ?
you will probably be disappointed .
with the encouragement of miss riley ,
best of all
i was disappointed
was responsible for this fascinating look at life in the arctic among the inuit .
( although some annoying rear projection effect show
both good and bad ,
which is a major elemant in the narrative.this pre-code film deal in a refreshingly frank manner with the eskimo moral code
and is absolutely splendid and perfectly believable in what was a very demanding part .
all too ief flashback to the original band on stage ing us some wonderful music ,
and judi dench turn in superb leading performance as the recently widowed elizabeth
the late joan sim is perfect as the band 's leader ,
cameo appearance by other great like cleo laine
olympia dukakis and billie whitelaw make this an unforgettable experience .
is still an incredible fox
that charlie would end up redeeming himself like john wayne in the searcher or jame stewart in the naked spur .
is unforgettable .
unfortunately
this movie was a huge disappointment.like other have commented
akshay kumar 's performance is average at best and john aaham should not try doing comedy again .
was fun
and some of the song are fun .
as they started to boringly repeat the same pattern.that very thing ,
may be one of the best feature of mazinger z. another good point is its inventiveness
unfortunately
one way this movie fails is that just about every piece of each set
looked cheesy and cheap .
the other major reason this movie is horrible is the acting
as to how horrible it would actually end up being.thankfully ,
eddie was young and funny with his 80 's haircut .
and she was not bad .
altogether a rather enjoyable movie
the cinematography was excellent regarding many of these scene .
the rationale for the negative energy was ludicrous at best ,
what could have been a superb horror film
was ultimately haunted by a terrible ending .
and that is why i was slightly disappointed .
i was not the best movie from korea
the acting of jeon do-yeon is incredibly beautiful .
it was was one of the best performance in the early cinema history
what a major disappointment.the cast is superb
one example is the portrayal of frank hirsch 's unfaithfuness :
followed by her predictable pleading of a headache ,
is great ,
this film has some great gore ,
this movie has so many wonderful element
this is a particularly well acted and beautifully shot film .
horrible acting
horrible cast and cheap prop .
what a waste .
the blond girl just having the same blank boring look on her face at all time .
like the cheap line given before a sex scene in a porn movie .
horrible .
do not waste your time .
the song are beautiful ,
the costume are beautiful ,
the voice are beautiful ,
i have seen worser movie than this one ,
1/10 .
worst acting ever .
no really worst acting ever .
is the worst of the bunch
but he is amazingly god-awful . )
that the film actually has any redeeming quality for mr. hess to ruin .
italian cannibal film interject those god-awful real life animal killing .
funniest
all wreaked of perfection .
this is the kind of perfectionism
john unfortunately passed away in 2003
al would 've probably been just another chicago dad instead of the mess that peg
i know it sounds boring ,
she fits perfectly .
( played to perfection by kaley cuoco ) :
perfection .
was the second funniest character imo before the passing of ritter
unfortunately enough
carefully and excellently
a surprisingly welcome addition to the series
( played to insanely funny height by david spade ) :
i knew spade was funny ,
he was this funny .
talk show and function
and delivering a superb impersonation of spade 's voice and comedy style
funny spade we have come to know ,
spade was crazy-funny ;
so funny.the show 's humor and drama were both upped
sadly .
and i saved the best for last :
this movie was absolutely awful .
the casting for the movie was terrible .
the acting was so terrible
and hoping for the god-awful thing to end.secondly ,
i had seen some bad movie ,
bad acting
some fascinating shot of japane life
the film starts with a muddled meeting of radically stupid radical student ,
and says something to his pathetic left-wing peer and then leaves ,
of getting laid with the best `` chick '' in the next mass hippie orgy .
looking for freedom or something like that.antonioni 's predictable assault on capitalism is not only intellectually hollow ,
they were allowed to have their laughable meeting and express their anti-establishment opinion freely within
by far the greatest irony about the hippie - and antonioni
only in a successfully-functioning capitalist system can you find
while including overlong scene of pointlessness
with a high dullness factor .
his attempt at symbolism are annoying and trite .
at best .
and disliked this awful review ,
where you can make the final your own choice.great family film !
no wonder scott avoids her
it must be terrible to be an ordinary woman in a culture as cruel as our .
she is beautiful
and they are both handled with perfect seriousness
this movie started badly
it consists of extremely poor acting and unrealistic effect
than this lot.some of it was actually laughable
what a bad movie .
and that the game is even being played in a torrential downpour ... .one of the worst ever scene in a sport movie .
great plot twist as well as exciting action .
is that it is dull .
while it is also far from subtle ,
it is fun throughout ,
while the mad magician is a wonderful film ,
and both are great fun to watch .
she just made a bad choice here .
this film is the best film jim carrey has ever made .
he was both funny and sad .
nolan blames god
carrey did an excellent job .
that morgan freeman and jennifer aniston were great
i rate this film a 9/10 .
jimmy stewart and anthony mann teamed to do some of the best western ever
and this is one of the best.the real star of the film however is the spectacular canadian rocky
some of the best cinematography ever done in the history of film.in all five of the western
the supporting role were perfectly cast .
one of the best western ever .
i consider both gillian anderson and danny dyer to be good at what they do and was interested to see what dan reed could come up with but unfortunately it just did not work for me.the problem lies in the fact that the film does not really seem to understand
and as such it fails to impress on drama
something bad happen
`` it would be great to do one of those revenge film
( bad mistake )
is the horrible
horrible dialogue .
and this is the worst of them all .
i enjoyed longstreet ,
obvious/ stupid way out of it .
batman 's not a great detective .
but the most insulting has got to be mr freeze.do
definitely the worst film i have ever seen ,
for example the mind numbingly weak acting
( when it is this bad
the most annoying was the total lack of common sense in the script ,
executed exponentially dreadfully .
who is pretty much one of the most downright strikingly beautiful girl in any cheesy sci-fi film ,
he is not that bad of a dude ,
especially after being introduced to the world in some kind of funky cage-like thing .
( actually he rarely destroys anything in the whole picture ) ,
the special effect are not the greatest ,
than it should in such a `` bad '' movie .
is when the beautiful girl causes yeti 's nipple to become erect
but even this is not that bad ,
but surprisingly enough
it does not get boring -
sadly
are a poor afro-american family
( awful )
a slightly funny line and the audience would go mad and start clapping .
apart from that it was a very funny show .
that someone will release `` the foster '' on dvd in england.best episode :
this show is pretty bad .
she had the most annoying voice i have ever heard on television ,
and many of the other girl seemed to be obsessed with the idea of meeting `` the perfect man ' .
many great guy out there
that would make great husband ,
but they are great guy all the same .
it really is a terrible show
the best dating show by a country mile are blind date and the fifth wheel
because they are fun .
sadly takes itself way too seriously .
balancing out `` farscape '' 's fantastical art direction
the two of them will get into all kind of funny situation
than he gave her credit for.the result is a perfect summer film with a lot of laugh
that is just what one needs to get out of the heat into a perfect time in a cool theater .
this funny man will never get rid of ,
the film has some funny one liners
the beautiful star of `` scoop '' ,
seems to be the perfect foil for woody allen .
a perfect combination .
both are excellent in their banter throughout the film .
it becomes most annoying .
that is what we have here - a most annoying movie
that borders on a very bad nightmare ought to life .
( offbeat and annoying )
is a mess i now remember
are superb .
and loses badly .
who use funny handshake and play golf ,
bad language
there is no heavy-handed message ,
the iowa and wisconsin landscape are beautifully shot ,
-- it is fun all the way through .
when a friend gave me a boxed set of `` 12 amazing scifi/horror movie ! ''
because it looked the best of the bunch .
if this is the best of them ,
an jeff ... .well ... he is done the good and the bad as far as film and tv go . ''
unfortunately this is ,
pretty lame prison ,
are truly horrible .
alien boring
max tries his best ,
the rest of the film is bland and uninspired.made in 1992 ,
it seems.it is best avoided .
i was really disappointed by it .
which is remarkably forgettable .
the character are dull
this movie is terrible .
there is not much of one.aside from a few great line
where he has purposely avoided a `` hollywood clich\u00e9 '' .
it is fine to avoid them ,
someone with less disdain for the `` hollywood convention '' of traditional storytelling could create a wonderful film with this idea .
i have seen many bad film over the year ,
and this beats the lot ! this is not just a `` so bad
it is good '' exploiter waste of time
it was really this awful .
worse even than lee major in the norseman
more laughable than all of john derek 's film
which can be quite fun watching with popcorn and friend
of course it is fun
was not horrible ,
nor was it great ,
but it was enjoyable to watch.i felt
as if jim carrey got a little annoying at times.they made the grinch seem like a special education person ,
was beautiful ,
it was just annoying.this movie could have been `` so '' much better
because most of the humor was not funny.i liked how the grinch stole christmas anyway ,
when movie are that stupid ,
best horror film ever .
the costume and effect are great in this movie ...
i loved them the first time i saw them on star trek :
sean young does another great turn as an unemotive replican not ,
here.unfortunately the movie took itself
i am just not going to get that sympathetic.freddy was by far the most interesting aspect of the movie with the hallucination and what not ,
but unfortunately they were few and far between and by the end of the movie ,
it had degenerated into a bad episode of celeity deathmatch ...
only not funny .
one of the worst movie i have ever seen .
there is nothing good going on here with all the beat as predictable as night following day .
yet l'emploi du temps also possessed an elegant look thank to excellent camera work and some stunning location footage
that is a major pathway to the xerox machine and restrooms.obnoxious coworker use the front of carla 's desk to chat
both of my child really enjoyed this movie .
that is so bad
disappointing :
but i will stop here.10/10
and why southerner are still fighting that civil war today.too bad we can not use
what a horrible legacy slavery gave us.acting pretty good
for how stupid the war was
so much suffering for such a stupid cause.the cinematography is fantastic .
one of my favorite part of any movie .
tobey at his best
than that to import what is one of the worst-quality dvds i
the film has no redeeming quality
in spite of an equally lousy script
so one could be forgiven for thinking this is a case of bad direction.as i have indicated already ,
that she would be the best choice
nobody wants to be the other man in this kind of messed-up situation ,
unfortunately
while liev is a great actor ,
anna paquin earns it a bonus point with one of her best performance
the movie is just plain fun ... .maybe more fun for those of us
and it is still fresh and funny .
the film has some gem lines/scene ... ..reference
where the star are now ... ..joey ramone sadly died young .
... .just have fun !
it is still one of my all-time favorite .
great storyline
incredible cast of character
( penned by numbingly mediocre hollywood hack nonpareil jole schumacher
and a truly wondrous rhythm and blue score by the great curtis mayfield.the story ,
but luckily the uniformly excellent work evident in the film 's other department almost completely cancels out schumacher 's flat
-- and great singer to boot .
and perennial blaxploitation baddie tony
the tone dip and dovetail from funny and poignant to melancholy and blithesome
almost unbelievably fantastic song
clearly copping top musical honor as the best-ever song in the entire movie .
by far the worst movie of all time .
this movie was one of the best disney movie
great for the entire family to watch .
and the acting is great .
highly recommended .
i have seen bad acting before ,
many time ... . funny
funny stuff .
we had wonderful movie such as this one.being a big fan of both wodehouse and fred astaire i was delighted to finally see this movie .
including the wonderful fairground with revolving floor and funhouse mirror ,
the superb acting between mastroianni and loren .
that the anti-fascist `` message '' is too clearly delivered ,
my vote is 10/10 .
with bad acting and low budget production.the movie should be 1/3 the time ,
are so stupid and illogical
the solder log stupid
but just totally stupid .
there is absolutely no reason to waste time on this ,
simply a must see*** = a solid
but was happily surprised and disappointed .
disturbing alcoholic with a messed mind .
he was unpredictable and scary .
mixed oil and water.i also very much enjoyed juliette lewis 's performance .
it is so rare for this talented young actress
the emotion this girl can arouse in your head are incredible ,
it is like those tv movie with bad cast and plot .
it is amazing how they could make this sequel worse than the iii .
do not waste your time watching this crap ,
but the acting is amazing
if your looking for some light and funny entertainment ... my favorite episode is `` pancake madness '' ... a hilarious episode .
the best season is probably 3 ... i am not really a fan of some of the seventh season twist ...
and very poorly acted ... plus
and i was really sad to see one of my favorite show canceled !
dick clement and ian la frenai have a solid hit rate
the previous year 's across the universe decidedly weak
is a solid success .
it has a great story
excellent performance
just when everything is going pear-shaped at the festival reunion performance ... hugely enjoyable .
and the poor actor !
given this terrible dialog ,
none of them came across looking anything but ridiculous .
for him to appear in a vehicle this poor
especially after appearance in so many great western .
bad
bad movie .
is funny ) ,
that what makes him so funny is his short temper .
the grand duke is a very cool chap and funny too .
they are two of my favorite character in this film
the stepmother is not as annoying as her ugly and selfish daughter .
her beautiful pink dress is much nicer than the one
expression make him funny .
there is nothing annoying about him.the soundtrack is simple but pleasant
although not among disney 's best .
the best song in this movie is `` bibiddi bobiddi boo '' .there are plenty of well
the movie is just as fun
which in reality seemed like fruit punch.most of all the plotting seemed very horrid to even call this piece of crap a movie.the rest of the character in this movie are total waste of time ,
the ending was awful ,
and the scene were terrible .
and a talentless director.this movie is such a waste of your time .
you will be so disappointed .
the movie 's actor were just bad .
the best actor in there was the old man
it is has horrible plot with awful character .
who loved her dearly ,
would be an insult to homely person everywhere )
an enjoyable disney classic .
to show her amusemant at their jealousy ,
cinderella sets a bad example for young girl
and it is as bad in its reasoning as any attempt
to justify organized religion with similar pseudo-scientific arguments.avoid this film.oh yeah .
it is wonderful and enough of a reason
is awful .
but in this case it becomes tedious .
instead we get some smart dialog and great performance in a film
that does not let them be real.despite some great performance and witty dialog this is only a 4/10
this show was a perfect description of african-american life .
sally field is absolutely perfect as celest talbert
still has that wonderful and beautiful pixie quality and a perfect figure
who perform their role to perfection .
kathy najimy is wonderful as the hapless costume designer
and best of all
should have won oscar for best comedy
best leading lady in a comedy
best leading man in a comedy and myriad other best ,
action sequence are from the seventies.cheoreography of the film is awful .
not on anil kapoor
no budget film can be surprisingly good ...
the scenery is bland and boring
and the music is a cross between cheap motel porn
and really bad guitar driven metal
the scriptwriter did not.whoever is funding this guy ...
and they are just as bad .
the worst ever military push-up in a film .
imagine the worst skit from saturday night live and mad tv in one 90 minute movie .
that all the humor in those bad skit is removed and replaced with stupidity .
now imagine something 50 time worse.got that ? ok
that vision you just had will seem like the funniest thing ever .
ucm is the single worst movie
there were a few cheap laugh ... very few .
but it was lame .
even if the intent of the movie was to be lame ,
it was too lame to be funny.the only reason
he wasted his money .
this is by far one of my favorite of the american pie spin off
and as always mr. levenstein lends his `` perfectly natural '' eyeow humor to the equation
it consistently ranks as one of the worst film of all time .
the acting is horrible ,
the script lacks direction and the director himself does not seem sure on which way
that they wasted their time and gift
making this mess of a movie .
i loved the apprentice for the first two seasons.but now with season 5 ?
is just insulting.after watching the show ,
but it was great once i found out .
all the performance where great to me
but my favorite were purple rain
great movie and now i can not even find one of those tee shirt :
at its best
and this is one 's a hidden gem.it is hard to gauge today
like these on screen.the actor are superb \u0096 the best brit have to offer .
the love story is beautifully handled
defined and beautiful a face could survive that petrifying hairstyle .
no one 's perfect ) .
highly recommended :
the writing was just terrible .
but amy did a great job .
pathetic attempt to use science
about quantum physic in this mess is just plain wrong.example ?
solid particle can pass through barrier .
but much more annoying is the narrative
an amazing series
antitrust could have been a great vehicle for rachael leigh cook ,
but the director cut out her best scene .
( i blame the director )
just plain stupid movie i have seen in a long time.as for the direction ,
before it was completed.it is a bad rip off of `` m '' the classic fritz lang film
moore seems to haggardly move through this mess definitely not one of his better effort .
the rest were just terrible .
and horrible costume there were .
it began with some poor peasant
the lead soldier 's `` armour '' being about 5 size too big for the poor fellow .
perfectly aimed shot all around one soldier 's hand
and stop to help an amazingly well dressed and clean `` peasant '' with digging a ditch ...
this was so bad ,
even that terrible kevin costner version of robin hood was better.i highly suggest you skip this monstrosity ,
i loved it the third time .
now it is one of my all time favorites.the humor
is subtle but really good .
cher 's search for love is enjoyable to watch .
the best job nicholas cage has done on film .
the old man character is fantastic .
perhaps the best character is the one
welcome to the lunacy of cheaply made direct to video movie .
all added a great degree of believability .
however this gem was not one of them .
the movie was in my opinion poorly written and directed .
i can justify passing judgement to any character
when just a word or so could eak the ice and promote healing.a horrible tragedy strikes a montana family .
while certain other point finger of blame
( and then go ahead and cheat on their poor pregnant wife
grandpa seems to be able to speak to the boy without judgement or even kid glove .
it is truly a blessing for the poor kid
for something he should not blame himself for .
which apparently was a lousy one anyway
whom i have not seen anywhere else except for a childhood favorite
did an incredible job as arnold
a great performance from a child actor.aside from being somewhat slow at time ,
the stone boy is an excellent
`` down to earth '' fails miserably ;
this is one incredibly bad production.chris rock is a lousy standup comedian
but they are in a pointless and unconvincing love story filled with contrivance and recycled material .
doing funny thing
in the funny scene the character are exposed to awkward experience ,
that are tedious and painful ;
there are so many unfunny joke and horrible comic situation .
mark addy does not do any worse here
with the great dr. uwe boll in attendance.the film is
very bad .
not in the usual uwe boll `` so bad it is actually entertaining '' way ,
but just plain bad .
who leads a terrible life
and with an awful 900 pound cheating wife .
and what follows is just under two hour of completely incomprehensible sex and violence.the acting is awful
the acting is superb along with the fine audio soundtrack
it is my all time favorite movie ahead of eastwood `` white hunter
this movie is simply the best.cheer zuf
patrick swayze is an excellent alan quatermain ,
i enjoyed it .
i was still bitterly disappointed !
it was that bad ! ! !
and the acting was terrible
it is a total waste of money
being disappointed afterward .
this is without a doubt the funniest comedy of the year .
the acting is superb .
that the actor enjoyed making this film .
and this film has made me an even greater fan of king .
but the second time is the worst ,
it is almost perfect .
pet sematary deliver great scare
this is truly one of most favorite horror film of all time .
10/10 .
this disappointing waste of film is an open faced insult .
show of fun
that those of us in the heartland are stupid
that we do not appreciate them destroying one of the greatest t.v .
was severely disappointed with the movie
because it did not capture what i loved about the book -
the absolutely ridiculously funny erica and the interesting way
it was not all that bad
that i could not help but feel disappointed =p
this film is the great mystery of a murder in a locked room .
all badly represented ,
and the set is cheap ,
worse
even makes the movie more ridiculous .
chance are you are going to be positively surprised by a diversity of element superbly explored in this criminal thriller .
this story is a complex and wonderful tale of the last harem of the ottoman empire ,
enjoyed the story
otherwise a wonderful piece.the main character safiya is played wonderfully by marie gillain
who i am pleased to say did a fantastic job
because 99/100 time
and not just because it is cheap.the acting is mediocre ,
but i do not blame the actor ;
characterization is thin at best
no thank to weak dialogue and soporific direction .
that the script and the direction are pretty lame ?
no great character moment
that defies rational analysis and awkwardly shamble to its ridiculous finish .
what could they possibly hope to accomplish for more than a day or so at best ?
it dwells on absurdity and poorly staged event
if only for their time wasted on career blind alley like this one ;
they are all eminently forgettable
this would be a long and boring talking-head flick full of static interior takes
`` election '' is a highly fascinating and thoroughly captivating thriller-drama ,
that i enjoyed was when a group of teenager
nice one.the worst thing was
as stripping at a funeral.i really wish
it was terrible and stupidly predictable .
mainstream cinema seems to be going downhill and film like this worsen the situation .
if you get the urge to see this absolutely awful film ,
that looks like it was a lot of fun to shoot\u0097 too much fun ,
that is no fun to watch.ritter don glass
everybody looks great
his rise and fall is among the more sympathetic and tragic of hollywood story ,
only a waste of rental .
director ray taylor does his best with limited resource and extensive stock footage .
awful .
especially given couturie 's involvement in the superb hbo movie `` dear america :
( it is amazing
it is undeniably good to see david alan grier in a rare straight role as activist fred hampton
after the surprisingly fun and moving monster movie `` gwoemul ''
have become more and more fantastic .
by making a whole series of big budget mediocre movie like mainland china did ?
the movie might have had a few more redeeming quality other
this is one of the greatest love story movie i have ever seen .
charlie chaplin was horribly boring .
he was fantastic .
it is entertaining and enjoyable
is a classic and something rarely if ever matched in cinema .
spit-swapping and worse ,
black mask is not terrible ,
but it certainly is not great either .
more focus on li 's fantastic physical skill were in order .
are all perfect.best of all
but it sure is fun.the crypt keeper
( best screamer in the world
this movie was recommended to me
this was one of the worst i have seen .
but ciaran hind plays the perfect mr. rochester in the 1997 a/e version
geraldine chaplain was perfect in her role .
and provided some of the best drive-in memory to ever come outside of the drive-in.without a doubt ,
the best late night television ever .
disappointed by this movie .
and if it was not bad enough ,
they had to sink it even further with that awful reggae music .
as personally annoying i find charle boyer 's voice ,
this was one of the worst movie i
the plot is awful ,
and the acting is worse .
do not bother to waste your time on a dumb movie such as this .
maze and monster felt like i wasted 101 minute of my life .
the only redeeming quality of the movie were scene
but just ended up being funny
since they were so bad .
unfortunately for mandm
you want to avoid wasting your time and money
this movie is perfect for all the romantic in the world .
and has the best line in the movie !
is lovely to look at and so much fun to play along with .
ben gazzara was an excellent cast and easy to fall in love with .
an excellent choice to pick up any evening . !
you rarely saw after that generation .
and million of person enjoyed it .
i sincerely want to thanks a lot to anil kapoor
feroze khan and all film actors/actress for this wonderful movie about great person and relationship with his son .
unfortunately
amanda byne is such an excellent actress
she is a very funny person
i enjoyed how she always seemed to turn thing around and upside down ,
so she messed herself up at time .
so great.i especially loved the show
nick zano is very hot and funny
the whole cast was great ,
i especially loved 'lauren ' ;
she is the best !
she helped make the show extra funny
it has the worst acting i have ever seen .
and stupidity is taken to a new level .
and the bad cgi .
this deserves the title of 'being so bad
star trek is the greatest television phenomenon
like they did not fit in their own skins.the show is essentially just made of up a greatest hit of the happiest and saddest moment in riker 's life on the enterprise up until this point .
my other favorite is when the 2nd officer on the klingon ship challenges riker 's authority as first officer and riker beat the living crap out of that klingon .
great thing have happened already in a mere 2 season with 5 more to go and a handful of movie !
as an adult i see now what great actor the star trek universe provides .
what seemed rather boring suddenly turns very exciting with a surprising twist in the story .
but it is a illiant example of great war-time propaganda .
when cecil b. demille was still a great director .
( ignore all his later best picture academy award ;
this movie lacks the comedy of most of pickford 's other film ,
or watching america 's favorite canadian import sinking in it ?
all throughout the film demille runs his protagonist from one kind of horrible calamity to another ,
somewhere between the advent of sound and `` the greatest show on earth ''
which was beautifully directed
the script is not bad ,
as boring as she usually is )
as you toss this into the waste disposal unit .
disjointed - poorly filmed - non directed junk .
and badly attempt
to join the part into a pathetically weak story .
is a waste ,
it is funny .
while other are repellent and self-indulgent mess
it ranges from great to crap
tend to be really bad
sometimes quite boring
could not his message about acceptance of a person 's gender-confusion be handled better
and make your character more human and sympathetic
-- the bad seems to be out-weighing the good .
every frame is filled with fantastically bold composition .
the final court scene is also fantastic ,
and the romantic energy of the film is beautiful ,
he lights kim hunter 's face makes her all the more beautiful
i give this film a 10/10
in a word - beautiful .
they would be superb ,
this is all the more amazing
it probably would have been solid .
the best documantary i have ever seen .
9.5/10 .
this film is builds up solidly
that is superbly unpredictable
this show was absolutely great ,
and it was completely entertaining and different from a lot of other show.everybody was just absolutely insane and eathtakingly funny ,
to where it just really did not matter.this was one of the best show to ever be aired ,
never gets unfunny ,
it is the unity of two hero from two great seventy sci-fi film .
one is great ,
and one is quite bad .
the great one is truly great ,
in fact it is the best .
the bad one is truly bad ,
in fact it is the worst .
of course of the great i refer to `` star war ''
the worst sci-fi film ever made .
milford plays the lead baddie
that no one cares about this meeting of two great sci-fi hero ,
that this is one of the best/worst movie of all time .
just might be the most annoying character of all time ,
but it is a fun movie
is not that great ,
and enjoy this muddled gem
the soldier are not shown as fundamantalist ,
the cast did a great job
produced some beautifully shot film and the bulk of our enduring horror icon ,
funnier ,
that does not feel like a cheap gimmick ,
the film of upa are surprisingly well rated on imdb
sadly
the film were dirt cheap
lousy animation was becoming the norm
and rarely completely filling the item )
it is probably not a great film for the kid .
and you can not seriously consider them great work of art
this was downright good.my kid loved this ,
it was laugh out loud funny at some part
the reference were actually rather subtle ) ,
but plenty of fun for the kid .
this is a great movie for kid of any age
rarely takes more than five minute .
jeffrey hornaday 's choreography for the film is dull and unimaginative
is given one of the show 's best number
it is a very beautiful sweet movie ,
henry winkler did a great job with his character
acting is great ,
this is an awful movie .
awful enough ,
how bad it is .
what follows in the ridiculous plot just fills me with disbelief .
combined with the poor acting ,
not because it is a superbly consistent movie ,
as it goes against the portray-white-on-black-violence-and-win-an-oscar trend.also the acting performance are superb - especially oprah
the only thing worse is the film itself .
a bad cover of all
unbelievably terrible script .
direction is staggeringly bad .
no wonder lifetime has such a bad reputation .
if you fast forward through the horrible singing ,
christopher walken is very humorous and surprisingly good in the role .
this is one of the worst film ever .
i like cheesy movie but this is simply awful .
i have no one to blame except myself .
it will be much more enjoyable .
the dubbing was as bad
jet li is definitely a great martial artist ,
this is the best example .
this plot is ridiculous ,
that it is ridiculously funny ?
so either the film was savagely cut or the screenplay was a mess from the start .
are so under-used and wasted
that it is laughable .
the whole escapade is so ridiculous
this will be best known for the ferrari
and betting is a poorly made by the number
but its not bad enough
too afraid to rent a porno or the sport illustrated swimsuit dvd.avoid this movie at all cost
in which the irish catholic are shown as hegemonic ,
is as poor a representation of history as early us westerns
a message about how success and fame change a person
that is what mr. water is trying to achieve.it is fascinating
that agent must have referenced star war a lot.this movie was so bad i figured
yet this one sticks out in my mind as the worst of my childhood
only acknowledge eddie and sister act 2 as your worst you lucky stiff .
where you start to doubt whether the director intended to convey the message
predictable
and absolutely loved it !
she plays the role pitch-perfect.this is a movie about friendhip -
unfortunately
and this movie probably could have benefited from overall tighter editing.but this was a refreshingly fun film
funny
charming and fun
that could ... and did.excellent .
8/10 .
this movie is my favorite as well as my wife 's .
and the acting was great .
all actor turn in a great performance ,
the first joke was just so appallingly lame and dreadfully acted
boring
who obviously did their best with the material available .
why.the movie was by far one of the worst i
was god-awful !
we talked about how bad it was ,
it was like we expected to see rita and lord zed portraying commander of sauron 's army.the creature were ridiculous .
not in an hour and a half.the scene transition are horrible .
because of the badly written dialog in the script.the final scene
that the other hero had.do not waste your time or money on this movie .
this film is not terrible .
other than the laughable screenplay
it is not poor .
was part of wonderful indian drama water .
which is part of roger ebert 's `` great movie '' collection .
why is this movie so bad ?
it was lame
or if you have got a free rental to waste
and it could have been funny
its main drawback is that it is just not very funny .
do not waste your time here .
one of the best part of sundance is seeing movie
rehearsed and ultimately performed.the movie is filled with fascinating revelation for those of us
the best
the editing was horrible .
i do not mind the style so much as the poor overuse of it .
some are really bad
but are quite enjoyable
which actually are really great for what they are ,
maybe those movie are not perfect ,
who is just hysterical funny
which i thought is a great mix of sick humor and a beautiful romance
which was great entertainment with some really memorable line
and not badly acted at all from the former `` bennifer '' -couple ,
when i heard the rumor of a sequel to one of my favorite movie i
why it gets such a bad press and such a bad voting here .
but it is more than her being beautiful ,
and all of the other actor deliver solid performance
this film has great acting
great photography and a very strong story line
there already are excellent comment dealing with these aspect .
in approaching the purity and force of the great greek tragedy both in story line and formal setting .
one of b- and c-movie producer roger corman 's greatest cult classic was the ramone vehicle
( originally designated for cheap trick ) ,
that made napoleon dynamite character funny
( played by cult classic favorite
it culminates into an ultimate revolt between the obsolete fun-hating adult and the teenager
it was great to see a movie
that celeated the fun of it all and in such a humorous ,
but a great feel-good comedy nonetheless
the original is still the best .
the performance are executed with certain aplomb and a refreshing command over its varied character
which was a hilarious and poignant comedy \u0096 the best thing
is utterly pointless and flat .
shaven would go on to make such a lame film as this one
add into the mix a wonderfully comedic turn by etienne girardot
fun mystery .
i would put this man can not die on the dull side of the genre .
it is not that the movie is particularly bad ,
but it lacks the illiance and flash of some of the other sws i have seen .
guy madison does his best in the lead role ,
but lacks the on-screen charisma necessary
she is the one ight spot in this otherwise mediocre film .
unfortunately
what a terrible situation for the guy
i found it an enjoyable movie .
( `` the perfect bait '' )
without any bog-down point or bad anti-climaxes.all in all ,
it has a great looking monster ,
but manages to short circuit the good stuff with bad .
stupid one liner and move in a manner more
designed to be funny then scary .
to avoid .
you are paying too much.avoid .
this film is my favorite of vincent price 's work .
watching a beloved other
what a great british movie
a great man
as all great brit movie should !
if you have beloved actor
massive talent is totally wasted in `` three day to vegas '' ,
with the blame falling squarely on the script .
there really are no redeeming factor here ,
and watching these wonderful actor struggling with such weak material is a crime .
this film actually was surprisingly good !
and enjoying the refreshing acting .
over her dead body manages to actually come up with realistically funny scenario and ,
this may be the worst film i have ever seen .
to the unbelievably bad dialog
it was all just beyond awful .
dunaway is one of the best actor ever .
that is the only fitting punishment i can think of for releasing something this bad .
shecky moskowitz is unfunny ,
it is the worst movie i
and she was just her usual annoying
aged convincingly due to the poor make-up .
hudson looked ridiculous
that is the great yokai war.the setup
and often funny journey through the world of japanese folklore ,
after they mistake the end of the world invasion of earth for a great yokai festival
not to traumatize any child to bad .
did much worse ,
with enough visual drama and great performance
another beautiful
funny
an intriguingly bold film weaves the seemingly effortless camerawork with some superb casting and an explosive soundtrack
the film explodes into neo-noir exploration of everything the outside world does not usually expect to see in this country
becomes increasingly strained by jealousy over the beautiful gracia .
but otherwise this movie was rather weak .
this movie was a mess .
that win award at canne are usually very good or very bad .
unfortunately
`` this movie is boring . ''
( abel ferrara 's `` bad lieutenant '' 1992 ) ;
and the lighting is excellent .
isabelle huppert 's creditable performance also helps save it from being a waste of time .
4/10 .
it\u00b4s one of the best horrormovie ever .
his shizophrenic behaviour is hard to understand and it\u00b4s horrible to see his two side or identity fighting against each other .
but this terrible cry - does
unfortunately you are not able to hear the scratchy play back ,
because they are just too painful/ridiculous/stupid to miss .
who did a fantastic job
eddie murphy delirious is by far the funniest thing
that delirious is the funniest movie ever !
eddie murphy has given so many funny performance over his career
and it is funnier every time .
every great stand up performance will be emulated from delirious .
is an enjoyable little film
is in poor taste ,
short subject were the perfect complement to the studio ' feature film .
boom mic operation and other technical aspect of this film are laughable
unfortunately its not the only areas.unlike some classic independent film
that have been saved by their script great characterization and plot ,
this unfortunately has an awful script ,
awful acting and worst of all ,
awful annoying characters.it is a crime
has already authored a best picture candidate .
the soloist is a weak drama with no external conflict
this material would have been better suited as a made-for-tv production rather than a feature film.wright includes many scene of cheap humor
worst of all
but the soloist is much weaker than either of them .
i would not be so disappointed with it
its poor box office performance may inhibit better dramas from being distributed nationally .
and he feels a great affection for her .
the story is excellent ,
the cast is composed by excellent actor and actress ,
the cinematography has wonderful moment ,
i personally loved
is one of the best
( `` flame of the revenge '' )
this was one of the worst movie i
that uses every stupid
how stupid it is .
this along with `` haunted '' are probably two of the best ghost story i have ever scene .
was the funniest character
and being able to appreciate some of the subtler `` symbolic '' aspect of the cinematography ,
hayworth did an excellent job .
the first 50 minute or so are extremely bland and soap-operatic ,
the funhouse climax uses cinematography
the beautifully framed and silhouetted shot of the san francisco aquarium
the lady from shanghai is not exactly a terrible film
funny film
and has some funny joke .
from the tedious emotional film of the 70 's and 80 's
depressing and boring.during the 90 's and 00 's several really great movie were made by a 'new generation ' of filmmaker .
it is just simply not funny .
we think its funny .
especially with a cast like this with a few really funny comedian .
is it the overacting totally ridiculously unrealistic football coach ?
the movie is just not funny !
that i sat with a bad feeling
( with a funky irish accent )
she does a superb job
as we come to the climax in the fun house .
it is subtle
all to great effect .
these might not be the best
that aspire to make some great point
was pathetic .
almost ingest one from a restaurant eadbasket crossed the line of stupidity .
the patterned and predictable plot twist are easily figured out long
was laughable .
but that fits perfectly here in antitrust ,
it is rare to see this level of historical accuracy in a movie sword fight.i will also note that for whatever reason
that this film gives is refreshing to avid movie fan ,
and sadly white noise only served to reduce my faith
to be preposterous beyond our best effort of suspension of disbelief .
only because loud noise tend to do that to the dozing viewer.while the acting was lame ,
perhaps the only redeeming quality
as this film may very well be the worst in his entire catalog of screen performance .
the first howling by joe dante was a groundeaking werewolf film with its incredible special effect and its campy sense of style and subject matter .
it look cheap
inane dialog and does ridiculous thing
and his band babel play through much of the film in the beginning and the ending with that dreadful noise .
while it contains poor shot
bad dialogue
it strives to be the dumbest
if you do decide to waste 2 hour of your life by watching this film ,
that it was going to be horrible .
the whole thing is stupid !
the worst thing i have ever seen .
it was not funny ,
it was not even so bad
it is just bad .
ridiculous actually .
please do not waste your money on this movie .
the second one was significan notly weaker ...
while in disguise that person blame him for jaffar 's deed and hate him .
abu has to climb a great web
to get to the gem
this fantastic story was given a sumptuous production by producer alexander korda .
oliver messel and marcel verte .
as the princess mary morris is a sad and beautiful halima ,
worthy to be enjoyed over and over .
it best i can because to my knowledge ,
though it is a great technique.think of `` yellow '' as a living thing ,
this movie is the worst i have seen in the last 5 year .
when a jeep full of bad guy comes .
and one of bad guy is her neighbor
and wanted to kill him ... so stupid scenario !
that watching stupid scenario film ...
how bad the action sequence are.the other thing about the movie is the far too predictable story .
i give a rating of 2/10.guys ,
you can watch this to have some laugh at the terrible fight scenes.that all .
at best .
but not too bad .
she may not be the greatest actress in the world ,
and somewhat predictable.the white star line bit is cute ,
i have rated this movie 3/10
this is one of the worst one
by watching this film you could be educated about how it felt for us victim this film teaches us not to take life for granted or to mess with corn ,
its amazing and educational
that film noire is an enduring style ,
it is he best example of film noire since chinatown.it will
unfortunately
is one of the greatest film noir ever made .
it was not as bad
and how they affect event in the original lion king.there are actually some very funny joke in the movie .
my favorite part is when they show the pair raising simba .
for me the worst part have to be
.the voice talent are excellent .
nathan lane and ernie sabella do a wonderful job ,
i enjoyed the ``
this movie ... it was horrible .
are bad
who played 'scarecrow ' was amazing ,
but this plot was awful .
but it just came out awful .
we are awful ,
if you can avoid watching this movie in anyway ,
perhaps unsurprisingly ,
his character is not well scripted.beverly johnson is as beautiful a woman
the film might have gained a great deal
the music is poor
and omar sharif makes one of his many pointless cameos
.richard fleischer has to be blamed
he was an infuriatingly unpredictable film director ,
and this is one of his weaker movie .
there is absolutely no reason to waste your time with this `` film '' .
unforgettable performance by scott wilson and robert blake .
in giving viewer a fun ride .
and it was fun to see viewer go wild over this one .
and without doubt the best in the halloween franchise .
carpenter shows great restraint
halloween marked the film debut of jamie lee curtis and a defining point in the late great donald pleasance 's career .
`` no refunds ! ''
but it is my biggest movie disappointment of the year .
`` europa '' is an impressive and anguishing kafkanian story of the great danish director lar von trier .
this movie discloses a difficult period of germany and some of the problem this great nation had to face
we should not mess with batman ,
but we could mess with the villain . ''
it squeezes by my rating with a 2/10 simply
whom we see at the end.the second major disappointment of the film is that
this is going to be a great movie .
this film is a trifle at best .
she does her best ,
it was just another boring
quite beautiful .
and sadly
that janeane is best known for ,
and destroying a local laboratory.this episode is incredible .
the mayor is perfect due to the embodiment al pacino offers us
as i loved to see janne `` loffe '' karlsson on the big screen again ,
is not original or funny .
and the joke are used and predictable
is just plain boring .
funny ,
and it is best.i had my doubt ,
because even though freeman is great actor ,
sometimes he gets involved in bad project ;
( great portrayal by freeman and vega by the way ) ,
what an extraordinary beautiful woman
but the balance between light and fun and serious and sad is well sustained ,
`` my super ex-girlfriend '' is delightfully silly and funny .
luke wilson is great in the role of an idiot ,
and uma thurman is great in the role of a deranged neurotic superhero
all the actor in this film give really great performance .
it from you favorite movie rental place .
for making them sit through this pointless crap .
it was my absolute favorite costume.honestly ,
disney can make a wonderful villain .
in a wonderfully calculating
probably my favorite of any disney heroine .
bibbidi bobbidi boo ... cinderella is a wonderful heartfelt story with a ton of musical highlight .
it does provide some classic villain and excellent voice work .
so he tries to kill himself but every attempt fails .
oscar feel persecution mania ... filmed in a theatrical way and excellent acted .
jack lemmon 's play is wonderful .
he is the perfect clown .
look for the wonderful scene
10/10 !
a good cast and they do their best with what they are given ,
as being 'the best
laputa is the greatest animated film ever made .
and it best captures his strength as a director
as well as encapsulating all of his favorite underlying theme .
and that version is the single best dub i have ever encountered of any film .
there is also a wickedly funny pirate gang after the crystal ,
with telegraphs and ancient motorcar alongside those wonderful impossible flying machine .
being a thoughtfully designed and beautifully rendered film ,
laputa is blessed with a wonderful sense of cinematography .
the film also contains one of my favorite
that laputa has an amazing score .
the score match the visual perfectly ,
a rare total union of sound and vision.this is not a bad dub .
and van der beek is wonderful .
you are sacrificing a great deal
when the best scene in this movie featured scott baio
but that is no excuse for this boring mess .
but worst of all
do not waste your time
unfortunately
before reaching fairly predictable place .
but the film still drags badly .
and the setting and general color scheme is drab and boring .
the film is not completely terrible
but the full length film is dull .
only recommended to very patient and determined kitumura fan .
just boring after an hour or so .
and everything is beautifully drawn .
predictable plot with cliched
predictable character
predictable ending .
we are treated to numerous pointless cameo appearance by popular character with little or no relevance to the plot whatsoever
this mess of a movie reaches its climax with the unintentionally farcical final battle ,
-- this is nothing more than a laughably bad b-movie in the guise of an anime epic .
if you are a fan of movie so bad
you will not be disappointed with batman mystery of the batwoman .
fan of `` the passion of the christ '' will no doubt be disappointed by the lack of gory spectacle and arch characterization .
1. you try to be funny ,
but are corny and unenjoyable ;
every joke is predictable and expected ,
the woman overacts to a terrible degree ,
but instead are dull and dragging too many time .
that is this bad ,
that i felt a bit disappointed .
because of bad script .
just like for admirer of beautiful diane lane .
legendary tommy lee jone is always great
so if you get hooked up by this great cast watch it
rest of it is very forgettable .
and if you are looking for a cheap horror movie to laugh at :
usually i will go for stupid
if it is funny ,
but this stupid was so stupid it almost
make me stupid.the film quality is better than a handheld ,
but add this amazing
the acting bad and the motivation clueless .
if i owned a video store i would put it in the boring section .
the best greek comedy series ever !
brilliant screenplay
with an excellent plot
awesome performance and a great directing .
`` pecker '' is a great film
perhaps one of john water ' best .
a wonderful cast ,
make the story very funny ,
unfortunately this movie was not mass produced ,
superb soundtrack
excellent visual editing
beautiful prague cityscape ,
although the entire main cast is excellent
i have to single out jiri machacek for his superbly believeable portrayal of jakub
he smokes landing him in a plethora of funny situation.conclusion :
every once in a while the conversation will turn to `` favorite movie . ''
many person will not even admit they enjoyed it .
you look like an out of touch cynic.no movie is perfect
that it ruins the film.leonardo dicaprio and kate winslet are wonderful .
and she held it together beautifully.jame cameron managed
the effect were bad is beyond me .
jame horner 's score was simply perfect .
and the love theme was beautiful and tragic .
too bad celine dion 's pop song version had to destroy this great bit of music for so many.i confess ,
and you will not be disappointed .
and likable star melissa sagemiller .
ridiculously miscast as a priest .
but 'ss ' is rock-bottom cheap trash cinema any way
that the movie contained some `` hot '' shower scene between dushku and sagemiller .
'soul survivor ' is one of those drop-dead boring movie
that is so weak
carpenter 's finale is a mess of flashing light and pounding sound
and that is probably best for it .
not only is this film a `` new lesson in real bad taste
but also a lesson in `` real bad film making . ''
when a movie is terrible .
that is a new lesson in reallllllllly bad taste .
the 2 lead actress each give great emotional performance
an example of a great film
great performance of the 2 lead actress make this movie .
both girl are in one amazing emotional scene after another
i was highly disappointed in this movie .
that makes them great .
to use sound in a way rarely explored in cinema .
the joke are lame
that was not even funny the first time .
i advise you do not waste your time on this show .
that truly good cartoon are able to be enjoyed by the big kid
if the actual '70 had been half this funny and ( semi ) normal
they would have been so much more enjoyable.actual kid in that era did not act or behave anything close to as ight-eyed and normal as these kid did.the country 's youth was still under the influence of the hippie and the drug culture all that '60s rebellion that it spawned
the supporting cast is excellent
the sr-71 sequence - certain to have been worse than the `` air force one '' f-117 spectacle .
( cheap )
is mediocre at best for house wiring
from a `` bearing '' of 618 to 502 is just stupid .
and successfully engaging the autopilot is only slightly greater than the likelihood of her actually landing the jet safely .
( a massively more amazing film )
to it as well as the great innovative idea .
this could have been a great film .
from other ... it is downright horrible.that aside
the idea is great
and the format is great .
i really want it to be the fantastic film
and the fx really hurt the film overall.great movie .
great idea here .
it is not a great film ,
and it is probably best watched on a rainy day
there is also some great camera-work from jan de bont
subtle 'femme fatale ' performance i have ever seen .
being a pretentious mess .
something terrible is boiling under the surface .
the young and `` beautiful '' herman
where it was awarded the best foreign film of the year from the los angeles film critic association .
try to avoid that one and head straight for the newer subtitled anchor bay dvd release .
were the best offer
if we let her.i have given this film 4/10 purely for the fact
'the shawshank redemption ' rank at the top of my all-time favorite movie .
for which he is doing some research at a grocery store in a poor neighborhood in la .
although she plays it beautifully
funny
freeman and vega pull it off beautifully ,
unbelievably awful film .
it was so bad
that is actually original or refreshing .
it is an incredibly stupid premise
the good guy are a bunch of pathetic stereotype ,
and endlessly arguing about dreadfully unimportant matter .
( and far more loved ) captain churchill .
the other annoying character include a typical cowboy-style and trigger happy macho pilot
quintana is a beautiful and deadly vampire
`` bloodsucker '' is an irredeemably stupid film ,
it only gets intolerably boring
when the frustrated soldier blame the captain for the umpteenth time and bla bla bla .
this film is a non-stop series of lame clich\u00e9s and uncreative idea ,
and let herself have some fun
and try and enjoy what is supposed to be the most fun night of their life .
but i have to admit i was quite disappointed .
`` prom night '' suffer from the worst affliction a horror movie could have ,
it all just seemed very bland.a lot of person seem to complain with the fact
the tension and suspense here is mild at best ,
( that are for the most part very predictable ) ,
however predictable the unfolding may be .
it is mediocre at best .
`` prom night '' was a disappointment .
and predictable ,
but it was far too predictable for my taste .
and left the theater very disappointed .
3/10 .
alfred hitchcok is not my favorite director by any mean
john garfield is as almost always excellent
than a love story.it is fun to watch for garfield
but it is not awfully good .
not exactly the perfect date movie
( although we both enjoyed it ) .
and is beautifully filmed .
after solid turn in girl can not help it
namely cheap euro loan-out
until fox could drop her contract at the earliest opportunity.this movie really is a diabolical waste of everyone 's time with the exception of suzy parker
who is the only thing in this movie bad enough for the material .
many person blame poor jayne and her grating performance for this film 's poor return at the box office
she can only do her best with the material .
it is more depressing than funny .
laughable and used in such an over-emphasized way
that you can not deny their terrible existance.the acting redefine the term `` terrible overacting '' at the hand of meg foster and richard joseph paul ,
where julie newman and andrew divoff just redefine `` bad '' .
first is the excellent casting of carel `` lurch '' struycken as the mysterious psychic gaunt ,
if terrible ,
about 1 every 10 joke actually manages to be funny
( the iron / phone one is probably my favorite ) .
there is also some wonderful full-frontal nudity
is the best thing on this planet
that the intentionally stupid title song is actually pretty damn catchy !
wonderfully casted
and superbly acted across the board .
was the best
but do not let any crude and/or heartless and cynical review nor the film 's pathetic pr prevent you from partaking in the best time
it is all right.a truly watchable especially with light mood i enjoyed this at home with coke and peanut .
my rating for this is 8/10
no wonder left wing critic roger ebert loved this movie ;
what a wasted opportunity !
one of the best kabuki actor alive ,
and there is no hiding how lame everything look .
the wolf-man minion look like a poor man 's wookie .
the music is cheap synthesiser stuff
our nominal hero is bland and forgettable .
he proclaims his great love of and affinity toward animal ,
there is no indication this poor soul did anything
the bolt can also shoot through solid rock when necessary .
his makes short work of the horde of bad guy
how on earth this movie got > 400 vote as a perfect 10 is beyond me .
excellent performance by jane fonda and robert deniro
that rank with their best work ,
a great turn by a young martha plimpton
and a haunting musical score makes for a most enjoyable and rewarding experience .
and sometimes not even funny .
the only true funny part are the quick spoofs on the nike basketball spot
very unfunny was the take off of charlie 's angel ,
making the spoofs more enjoyable.one thing though
this film has to be one of the greatest ... ... .. in cinematic history .
his knowledge of the music of the courtesan gharanas is incredible
lion king 1 1/2 is one of the best sequel ever
as if not the best out of the three lion king movie !
filled with wonderful new character like timon 's ma
my favorite character was uncle max
because he was very funney
and was voiced by a funney comedian jerry stiller the father of ben stiller .
filled with wonderful character
and story and music lion king 1 1/2 is in my opinion the best of any sequel and better than simba 's pride
lion king 1 1/2 is a great disney
10/10 !
full moon high try so hard to be funny and fails miserably
this film is fun ,
john cusack is wonderful as a droll
and the beautiful marisa tomei is superb as his love interest .
she not only possesses fantastic comic timing ,
i especially enjoyed the character of `` omar sharif ''
but this is not as bad
the story were not so bad either.i liked cinderella 's voice better in this too .
dreams come true a 7/10 .
since i have lived in the uk i have come to love this country but this film depicts british young person in the worst way imaginable .
but avoid it ,
the cast is also fantastic
it is great to see
its one of the best show ever made and its probably the funniest sitcom i have ever seen in my life .
that 70s show will always be the best in my eye .
you are the best ! 10/10 ...
the picture fails to make much of an impression .
best performance is turned in by murray hamilton as stewart 's partner ,
because it truly is one of the worst film i
he respects constructive criticism and so i will try to avoid bashing the film just for the sake of it and offer my opinion
as to why i found it to be so catastrophically terrible.1 .
the budget may not have allowed for great thespian
the incredibly lame make up and special effect .
not at all creepy or haunting not even sickening just plain annoying.5 .
all dialogue was forced and terrible !
were weak as and almost like an afterthought.6 .
hopefully practice makes progress.but in the mean time avoid this like the plague .
it is best left on the shelf in your local virgin store .
this film is a great fun .
and it was fascinating how well norma khouri could pull everybody into her world !
and loved the movie .
it is a great film
he was evil with a great laugh and a great smile on his face.the above crime is nothing
this is alway a movie fan greatest experience
all great movie eventually rise to the top .
were fantastic .
they deserved winning the best documentary.just watch this film !
waste an hour and a half of your life
i would see a film so bad
at least as demonstrated by this worthless waste of video tape ,
when this `` film '' had redeeming value :
when something is so very bad
truly very funny .
it is just sadly humorous .
very sadly humorous .
it is incredible in that it succeeds in being terrible on so many level .
set and pseudo-medieval language are also utterly awful .
in an odd way i actually enjoyed this film ,
producing something so poor ,
that lacks any of the charm to be found in other such fantasy film .
and is the best adaptation i have ever seen .
in 1948 this was my all-time favorite movie .
what a waste.the problem start with casting nice guy tom hank in a role
that is clearly supposed to be unsympathetic .
bruce willis is badly ,
badly miscast in the role .
being obliged to deliver a lame
the greatest attraction of the zoo \u0096 saetoothe from the prehistoric age
killing the host and guard for pleasure.the incredibly lame and cheap `` attack of the saetooth '' is one of the worst movie i
the character are awful
and not funny or pleasant
and the story is a terrible jurassik park rip-off with a bad collection of clich\u00e9s .
basically all the line and situation are poor and stupid ,
usually i am a bit of a fan of the bad eighty and early ninety film
but this film is so incredibly terrible
but never so pathetically .
this has no redeeming quality ,
this was a good film with a powerful message of love and redemption .
i loved the transformation of the other and the repercussion of the horrible disease on the family .
loved the film
the first movie about the medieval time traveler was actually funny .
funny situation and of course plain absurdness ,
that would remind you a little bit of louis de funes.now this sequel has the same character
the same actor in great part and the same time traveling .
and his being clumsy / annoying / stupid or whatever
it is as if someone was telling you a really very very bad joke ,
it is bad .
it is really bad .
but whereas the original was so-bad-it is-ruining-my-life bad ,
this is so-bad-it is-mildly-entertaining bad .
it is annoying .
but it is still an excellent platform for character studies.if 'gideon ' was crafted more enthusiastically
but the dialogue is painfully boring
mostly indifferent acting is the final straw for this weak film ,
but the rest of it is bland enough
providing a perfect target for his fellow bombardier .
with moment of subtle poignancy
are fantastic artist and even better person .
in this truly fascinating
( the intertitle express this beautifully
some of the scene are incredible
when the devil disappears with balduin 's mirror image is amazing ,
and ends up in the 'wasteland ' at the edge of the town ,
there are so many other thing to say about this incredible film .
paul wegener was an amazing actor and director
it is one of the best ever
become boring .
.heath ledger does an amazing job of impersonating australia 's most notorious outlaw .
that it almost feel rushed.unfortunately ,
but unfortunately ,
annoyingly
especially when i watch a great touching and tear-jerking movie .
if you want a `` alien in the frozen waste '' story ,
this is stupid .
keeping his great 30 day tv series in mind
and also counting in his rather disappointing production `` supersize me '' i did not had my hope up high .
sadly enough this movie disappointed me none the less .
but the rest of the playtime gets filled with rather pointless stuff and re-repeating stuff
but this canadian gem makes it hilarious .
but that is where even more problem begin.i loved this film ,
and that is a rare experience with so many mass
poor effect and bad acting
but a bad story with good acting and good effect is still a bad movie .
instantly dated visual effect and crummy dialogue abound in this cheesy lamer ,
which did nothing but make me pine for the day of 'the incredible shrinking man ' ,
so you can find part of it funny .
added by poor direction
and horrible story make this movie nothing more than a low-budget disaster .
but this movie fails so horribly there was no chance to rebound.if
but you would never know it by this lumbering mess .
not only does this film look cheap ,
it is cheap
and feel of a bad student film
and it is chock full of annoying historical inaccuracy .
if you are going to make a boring film ,
to make a movie this lousy .
i thought the film was excellent
the plot was excellently paced ,
and their motivation made logical rational sense in the framework of the story.the camera-work was great
the background music perfectly
was a wonderful touch too
the best thing
this was bad .
the script was especially bad .
the technical concept were bad .
the `` suspenseful '' plot was bad .
the dialog was bad .
avoid at all cost .
you are obligated to waste about 80 minute of your life
the saving grace of this oddity include a surprisingly apt social commentary on sixty value along with a number of relatively well
beautiful full-length technicolor film .
it still looks beautiful over 70 year later on dvd .
just how good it looks is amazing.kudos for that have to go out to director richard boleslowski
to give us one of the best-looking film of the classic-era age.i
excellent in the first half
it gave a nice message in the end ,
'' with jimmy stewart and margaret sullivan.the beautiful direction
i will remember best about this movie
that with such a great cast ,
avoid at all cost .
only a movie this ludicrously awful could inspire the similar `` showgirls . ''
that every person in the movie is totally unsympathetic
because they are either mind-numbingly stupid
but it is ( unintentionally ) funny as hell though .
if you are a fan of bad
where the exorcist was subtle and creepy ,
and way too formulaic.this is one of the most visually beautiful film i have seen in a while ,
mother night is one of my favorite novel
and going to see this i was expecting a huge disappointment .
that perfectly portrays the irony
and above all else the crushing sadness of vonnegut 's novel.this is certainly nolte 's best preformance to date .
is without a doubt in my mind one of the best film ever made .
it is a beautiful poetic story
this actually would have been a great title for the boris karloff collection instead !
set in dr. jano rukh 's carpathian castle is pretty boring
are fundamental for the rest of the film .
the third and final act is obviously the best and most horrific one ,
boris karloff is truly fantastic
along with the funky image of the glowing boris .
stupid
money grubbing waste of time movie that suck .
and manages to get the most stupid ,
my favorite gimmick from the show was how they always buckled their seat belt before roaring off ,
that make person feel funny
she even looks that great in the outfit .
because this effort was just pathetic.the bottom line is skip it .
to go you can pick up one of warner bros. excellent box set collection of the original show on dvd
twenty minute of this and they will be singing a choir.1/10 ,
one of the best theater director this country ever had ,
that shows new orlean at its best .
is enjoyable thank to mr. kazan 's direction and the excellent cast working in the movie .
this movie is achingly beautiful .
the voice acting was particularly bland and detracted from the movie as a whole .
came to my attention through the 'night of bad taste ' .
( undoubtedly one of the best on our contemporary pop scene ,
no one can blame him .
and even without original twist a director can deliver a more than mediocre story through innovative setting and cinematography .
the pace is dull .
for every appearance of the murderer is accompagnied by a tedious menacing melody ,
intensive care is a bad movie ,
all he has to do is endure a horrible monologue by a fellow doctor/french actor and look horrified
that he was the best actor to play superman yet ,
something a film-noir but with tight .
best known for directing with both speed and efficiency .
in ief : - dialog often weak
and tried feeding us poor saps the resulting mess
while not absolutely terrible ,
that the original from 83 was bad then try out this modern day masterpiece .
how could it be worse more you ask ?
modern weapon and a sexy new voice for ripley unfortunately this is the same sad tired story .
not funny at all .
only if a movie is rally bad .
( awful )
a waste of money and your time !
not funny at all .
only if a movie is rally bad .
( awful )
a waste of money and your time !
not funny at all .
only if a movie is rally bad .
( awful )
a waste of money and your time !
one day mr sugiyama sees a beautiful girl
there are many other funny
now neither of those show would make it 6 week with the current management .
we got to see a bunch of lame aspiring actor
you are not stupid ''
`` horrible person '' ought to be the subtitle of this horrible film .
doing dull thing ,
presumably because leigh thing that all of us are as ineffective and pathetic as his actor ,
and should be on greatest hit .
it even has all of the great actor and actress in this game like pierce bronsan as once again jame bond
as the greatest jame bond game around.i give this a 10/10
it was not so bad
with some dull part .
what it is about this movie- director sam mraovich somehow messed up just about every little aspect in this movie .
without a doubt 'the worst movie ever made ' .
but this somehow eaks what i considered bad into something much more hard to imagine.everything in this movie
but the single funniest thing is that mraovich himself considers this to be a great movie.oh wow ...
it was very poor .
who enjoy a solid action film ,
awarding this film a very harsh 1/10 ,
although i do not remember a great deal about the program
most notable were the unforgettable title .
but barrier was a surprisingly 'adult ' child 's drama .
benedict taylor was excellent as billy
there is beautiful picture especially of the lake and the nature
the message of the film was not mere introspection about the director twisted relation toward woman .
bestselling writer george plimpton
though there is a quite funny sequence of arbuckle in drag flirting with buster
we see the great stone face smile and laugh in the movie !
the movie themselves were pretty bad
he was a great guy ) .
very funny and absolutely riveting .
and there is never a dull moment .
that aside this is just great .
neither does the scriptall in all it is an enjoyable b movie -
including a fun jitterbug number between macdonald and binnie barne .
to see the wonderful macdonald in her jitterbug/vamp routine .
because the next generation learns the bad idea ,
is still one of the very best .
unfortunately
a bad dream come to corporeal existence .
the landing party has never been of great interest to me .
the cook is a great character
in the day of full moon 's greatest success band said
is thus real and less fun .
the choice is there is and with regard to this movie its your ... not recommended but not entirely bad either .
let alone one of the greatest achievement in cinema history .
because a movie is about mafias/drug trade/criminal group does not automatically make it a great movie ,
because it really gives you the feel of the time the film was set in.\\all the wonderful character that existed
about that period of time this is the perfect one .
is a wonderful experience to behold .
to sudden victory makes waste .
are looking over the last minute arrangement for their reception .
one of the worst this
longoria is beautiful and funny
a funny thespian
is totally wasted .
nothing can turn a mindless script and terrible direction into a winner ,
which is still the single greatest western ever made .
so perfection is not everything .
the far country has one amazing moment .
he is absolutely amazing :
what a great
great director .
when he gets roaring with his great scene
and his six western as an ensemble are the best ever done by anyone
and observe a family being just a family rather than a show about a poor black family .
we all loved jj 's dynamite and his antic .
this is a confused and incoherent mess of interminable scene of boring dialogue and monologue .
( certainly a slaughter house is the best place for a pleasant little chat ) ,
but everything on the movie is wasted due to fassbinder 's self- indulgence .
( very cheaply )
it was a joke and the cover of the dvd looked pathetic ,
she is definitely the worst ) .
the `` story '' is to stupid to be summed up
he is extremely bad as well .
red rock west is one of those rare film
dennis hopper is the bad guy
a major disappointment .
this was one of the best uk crime drama / detective show from the 90 's
which developed the fascinating title character
and had to live it out with nun who at first loved him and then later hated him
was it supposed to be funny ?
that is the message kid should be getting from tv now a day ,
instead of half the mess on tv now a day.i also love the show
`` this is a really bad porn flick
and badly from a technical point of view ,
but the acting is horrendously bad.then
bad script seldom make sense at all.the director/writer seems to have thought
since that minority would be so dysfunctional
this was funnier than the only other spoof of the soap opera world
soapdish is funnier with a daffy script and plenty of laugh-out-loud one-liner and terrific performance by field
sadly it is a guilty pleasure .
it is pretty bad .
jerry does a horrible job of what i think
it would 've been perfect then .
it is more enjoyable than this.2/10
dark angel is a great guilty pleasure filled with everything an action fan could ask for ,
the performance are solid
real weak point ?
you are a bad person . ''
maybe that is why the final fade is on a shot of independence hall and the inspiring strain of `` america the beautiful '' swell in the back .
of how a man ahead of his time - the great 19th century american poet and humanist walt whitman - made a significan not contribution
this is a candidate for the single most disappointing movie experience of my lifetime .
excellent director
that throbbed in my temple for hour after i watched this turkey.disjointed and unfunny in an attempt
that should be avoided at all cost .
you have here one of those rare film
that does not contain a single redeeming quality .
but he is too cheap
the best hindi movie i have seen to date .
all the character were perfectly cast
no one country is depicted as good or bad .
the cinematography is excellent
everything about the movie was amazing ...
all were perfectly cast .
it is a terrible shame
the dance and the enthusiasm of the player all make this a fun film to watch .
my dad actually recommended me to get it .
what a great role model
well this movie is pretty good and great to rent
this is not gut-busting funny .
it has its moment but not as funny as there is something about mary .
this has to be the worst piece of garbage i
cliche-ridden and boring .
that is not funny .
but it was funny
pretty much everyone was talking about what a waste of time this film was.i may not have paid cash
in this little film we have some great character but a very shallow plot .
because singleton does a great job at presenting the esoteric conflict and the interpersonal relationship .
one of the most pointless and blatantly stupid sequel
or worst
while 2006 's 'hill ' remake was one of the year 's best ,
worst of all
and what might have happened to that poor family .
just an unbelievable and ridiculous set-up
who capture woman for eeding purpose fails
it is cheap .
but even more shocking is the uncharacteristically bad script
how bad could it possibly be ?
it is so unintentionally funny ,
the acting is just as bad .
avoid 'the hill have eye ii ' like the plague .
beautiful actress joey wang/wong is the ghost
who collects human soul for herself/itself with the help of her beautiful ghost .
which all have incredible visual and kinetic power in their action scene .
which is lightened by the strong presence of the beautiful and good willing ghost .
they are and look gratuitous or stupid
leslie and joey should have been written with greater care
deep and genuine in order to give the story a greater power
the message about love and power of it is underlined little too much at one point
that is very irritating and sadly shows the flaw many scriptwriter tend to do
chinese ghost story is very beautiful and visually eath taking piece of eastern cinema ,
is very beautiful and hopefully earned some award in the hong kong film award back then .
i give chinese ghost story 7/10
this would without a doubt be almost perfect masterpiece of the fantasy genre .
but there are also some ridiculous question
before - so it could not get any worse !
i loved the plot of the movie .
it was a great idea
and even as that it fails to deliver .
'' flop '' etc..the best thing about the movie is the cover art .
i was completely engrossed from start to finish.the cast is excellent with kenneth branagh
she is the best ophelia i have seen
and was simply wonderful .
i especially enjoyed the sparring between hamlet and the gravedigger
that this exquisite work of art did not win an academy award for best picture
this is as close to perfection
incredible .
the stupidity in this movie would shame even ed wood
if the first part in the series had mediocre dialog
and the second one had bad dialog ,
amazing .
that it is not even funny any more ,
as if he is in a bad mel brooks comedy .
the first time i saw this `` film '' i loved it .
( from the jackson 5 up to `` bad '' ) ,
the `` badder '' sequence could have been left out ,
were funny ,
joe pesci did an excellent job as the toughie
the dancing is perfect ,
this two-parter was excellent - the best
a great big
some superb alien in the ood - the best `` new '' alien the revived series has come up with
a set of basically sympathetic and believable human character
and some top-drawer special effects.i loved every minute of this .
it is a surprisingly funny satire of the building up of celeity .
( the wonderfully deadpan frank mchugh )
there is no basis for recrimination about their stupidity )
( another great fast-talking deadpan comic actor of the 1930s )
the movieunfortunately all but drop glenda farrell ,
this was one of the most ridiculous
and badly directed movie i have seen in a very long time .
bad mistake .
what it really did was center around the most boring character
what is even more ridiculous is spike lee 's choice
it makes them even worse off .
and do not waste your time or money on this loser .
waste of film
i gave it a 1/10 :
awful dud .
it was a cool fun movie.dolph
looked superbly cool on the bike.he also looked good in this movie
and the other actor were also passable.i would not call this movie his best
the third problem was that the bad guy were very few in number .
there should have been more bad guy .
enjoyed it.i would recommend other to watch it .
how great it is or what it is about ... my point is :
that since this is one of my favorite guilty pleasure ,
and created beautiful music .
while the movie and acting is pretty bad ,
this movie is still a fun one to watch at night and even dance too .
that sounded lame.9/10
beautiful attract excellent idea ,
but ruined with a bad selection of the actor .
all the other become more boring and boring .
cat is the main character is wonderful .
that would 've made greater symbolic sense ,
this movie is juvenile and boring.you can also tell in part that funding was lacking ,
so it is just ... poorly done.if ...
even worse than the worst david lynch `` confusathon '' ,
shamefully wasted talent
that lame state sheet the movie provides us with to say
we get helipad-day and then mess hall-day later on .
was responsible for one of the worst ending in film history ?
this movie is a crappy and forgettable sean connery vehicle .
and the usually solid ed harris .
the movie absolutely gets worse
the movie squanders an excellent
the scripting and direction are extremely poor .
and ridiculous .
2/10 avoid it .
the footage from this movie is often eathtakingly beautiful and i many time wondered how on earth they could have taken some of the shot under water or in the sky .
however beautiful
watching for the beautiful footage and the fact
it was awful ,
and absolutely not funny ... i will not talk more about this movie
it will be a waste of time and money .
looks great .
there are some pretty darn funny sex scene with some pretty darn attractive girl ,
there is something refreshing
-- the acting is not bad ,
without resorting to cheap exploitation .
was how it was clearly trying to emulate the `` stupid kid have sex
if it is good or bad
but there was great
if you take out the smutty humour about the othel and the `` poorer '' actor in those scene ,
then this movie is solid stuff .
but in no mean bad at all .
nick nolte gives an excellent performance in kurt vonnegut 's dark tale .
nolte is fantastic - self assured
( 7/10 )
hamlet is by far my favorite of all of shakespeare 's work .
his portrayal of this was just amazing .
for as long as it was it is rare for a film
which make a film great .
besides being boring ,
but fell flat with its message .
what were the redeeming quality ? ?
i loved
the cinematography is a beautiful ,
and had a great time laughing .
does have a sexy body and perfect figure !
mtf is definitely on my list of top 10 favorite film of all time .
few have been bestowed with as many academy award accolade in a warm up for happy hour .
the studio is on its best behaviour during this much lauded tour of the great studio and of hollywood itself
is certainly an enjoyable farce ,
but fun great navy story intertwined with young ambitious navy boy good for late burst of wartime morale ,
but it is a square solid lump of sugar
7/10
so the average idiot american moviegoer does not get bored.this anime is not perfect ,
as best i can tell .
that this would be another horribly bad remake ,
sadly
bad script
bad direction
cheesy overdone acting and generally bad horror.from
it is boring
that are supposed to be funny ,
that are so poorly done you feel
the mark so badly here ,
they were either intelligently made and/or thought provoking or cheap and laughable cheese .
the best of its kind and we should be grateful
that worked surprisingly well
to make matter worse
and fun exploration of sexual politic .
oberon was no great shake as an actress ,
and then you are just swept away in a bad montage
quite funny but misguided .
how many poor kid had their dandd stuff destroyed ,
bad acting
and no one seems to be having any fun .
which i personally find quite funny .
i found `` ringmaster '' to be the funniest movie i
she is excellent ,
realizing what a putrid mess
to avoid starvation .
avoid `` taboo '' like leprosy ,
despite this step lively remains the best sinatra musical of the forty on one tenth the budget .
they have no respect.seriously this film should be avoided at all cost .
robert falls in with bad lad
the rest of the film is pointless for in committing such an act of violence to film clay not only damns young person
very very very predictable movie .
iq is a wonderfully original romantic comedy
that pits the greatest and deepest-thinking scientific mind of the 20th century as cupid 's helper .
because part of the time you are seeing great scientist do silly thing
the end result is a fun movie with surprise throughout .
walter matthau is a perfect einstein ,
and tim robbin ings to life the contradiction of a poorly educated working man
do not waste your time.my grade :
this movie is horrible .
the acting is a waste basket .
though the scenery is great .
you would expect a great performance ,
the toiletry award for the worst performance .
by the way the trophy should be a toilet seat.kareena kapoor .
they are dreaming of having kareena kapoor in bed naked with a condom .
but i really liked it.i am forced to give it a 1/10 ,
who 's just perfected his rejuvenation serum .
then the professor wants to try out his new potion ... a very funny little film .
and take on new adventure with pikachu and other pokemon favorite .
that there was no real budget for this cheap knock-off .
the story is taken from great movie like `` texas chainsaw massacre ''
the actor are really bad ,
and the music is stupid and totally misplaced .
the so-called bad guy are also not interesting at all and rather stereotypical .
although it is rather cheap
and the action is executed very poorly .
mediocre overall.it starts with a woman
to give us a faceful of horrible idea and image ,
to make the best show
when she exudes sadness.the sex scene were fascinating and taboo-eaking .
that emerges as the film progresses.the ending is weak .
but this goes down in the category of his not so great work along with doa 2 and 3 ,
and a half of a kid screaming for no real reason completely annoying
it lacks any originality
to be something great .
not bad for a horror/comedy film .
at this film.9/10
one of the funniest one feature chase in a geritol-spoofing commercial ,
the three best tv-spoofing movie are this one
really funny.i wonder what ever did become of ken shapiro .
there is nothing redeeming about this film .
the writing is terrible ,
between being a bad version of repo man and a nicklodeon western and the acting is unbelievable .
good and bad ,
that this film is about the worst i
who 's a bad version of the celtic soul eater ,
although he functions more like a male succubus
is the best part .
unless you are into bad mythology ,
unconvincing acting and tedious setting ,
you will best be served by leaving this one on the shelf
bad acting .
bad writing .
this was a poorly written film .
it is too bad
and he gave this one a rare zero-star rating in the book
to provide free ukulele pick for the poor '' .
if it was really as bad
it would be terrible to see dreyfuss as a gangster
that were awful about this `` movie '' i
that he enjoyed watching dreyfuss 's girlfriend
not funny .
apparently to insult dreyfuss .
that mildly funny ?
you i did not care or find that funny .
not only am i disappointed in dreyfuss
but i am also extremely disappointed in jeff goldblum
find remotely enjoyable about this ?
now that i have wasted 93 minute watching this trash
everyone on this planet would never here of this ridiculous waste of 93 minute out of my life
i have yet to top a worst movie i
it is honor as the worst movie ever .
i would not hesitate to put this adaptation of 'death trap '' in a top 5 list of the best stage-to-movie adaptation ever .
is perfectly cast in a role
that both movie are superb example of the genre ,
and still enjoyed the chemistry and the timing and the mean
the movie itself is a collection of lame action sequence
( bad )
i enjoyed the film
it is good clean fun
glenn close is fantastic
eminently forgetable except for the bad
bad performance .
is not too bad either .
richard brier is pitch-perfect as the conniving polonius ;
there is not a wasted moment in the entire film .
it is arguably the greatest shakespearean adaptation ever filmed \u0096 strong praise
the cat in the hat is still a terrible movie .
the beautiful kelly preston and the always likeable
even though preston is almost too beautiful for a role like this .
82 minute of personal anger and strife.the cat in the hat may be the worst kid movie ever .
too may pointless character and subplot
it gets boring after awhile ,
it could have been a great
hard political thriller instead of a jumbled mess
that loses any message in a sea of bad writing and acting
3/10* / * * * *
i am very disappointed with `` k-911 . ''
this movie is bad from beginning to end
and not particularly worse or better in any part .
very funny
and enjoyed it thoroughly.great writing and direction
excellent and believable interaction among the cast ,
and great comic timing as well.this movie touch on theme
to be the best underground date movie of the year ...
it really is a great film .
a small film noir picture
a dark film noir woven from the very same faic of welleian mythos
with the post-war craze of the film noir in full swing
and of course the funhouse/hall of mirror finale
perhaps the crowning jewel of the film noir
shangai is still one of the best film noir pictures one is likely to discover .
and it was the same with this one.the story was pretty awful too ,
that i rather enjoyed near the end
but as a whole this movie is pretty terrible .
the character seem almost cheapened by the poorly written storyline
and so the movie fails to really draw you in .
after mr.sandler became famous.it is bad ... .bad
bad
bad .
it is like watching a painfully dull home movie.i really enjoy his other film ... ...
watching a bunch of ant sting their victim is not very terrifying.spoiler section the stupidity of the hero is near incredible .
this movie is extremely lame .
to avoid .
even a stupid b movie will usually make me laugh
which was so awful i
anyway this movie had poor plot development
terrible story ,
and i am sorry to say pretty bad acting .
it is amazing
lame romantic comedy movie into the wastebasket !
and they are just as boring now
all in all i give it 4 for a great idea ,
making fundamental .
this is an excellent film for female body-builder and female action fan !
that sue price did a great job in this film series
and proved to be a great fighter .
though not a film of great value and sue price 's acting skill not the best to have met in my life ,
a priceless gem for fan of female body-builder action !
to show us the best
i really enjoyed that film
( a rather boring sequel )
-- the acting is not all that bad ,
this was a painful example of a cheap
boring and unoriginal show
the writing was truly terrible
responsible for the worst australian film in recent memory
the honerable wally norman.nothing about this tv series was funny - ever -
it was just tired and bad and
worst of all ,
it was funny .
being given 10/10 on imdb .
that are funnier than this show .
avoid the show at all cost
is so lame ,
does not even have any redeeming quality ,
is one of the best reason
that horse lather sure looked awful phony to me and the obvious tire track in those desert tracking moments- just lazy .
too bad .
was disappointed then
while the original `` grease '' is not a great film ,
that dull mystery will linger long after the ludicrous luau finale fade into a bad memory .
although lorna luft does rise slightly above the lame material.reviewer have complained
worse film have been inflicted on audience ,
unfortunately
`` grease 2 '' is not even unintentionally funny .
the film holds the viewer 's attention like a bad train wreck .
the next scene plunges into even worse carnage .
poorly directed ,
poorly written ,
poorly acted ,
utterly devoid of any art direction and completely annoying .
the inclusion of that rambling freak `` ramtha '' in this film is reason enough to avoid it .
and what a total waste of my time and money this movie was .
the writing is superb ,
it is also backed by a beautiful soundtrack with local talent and an exceptional composer.all in all ,
a rare gem
it is so boring ,
bad played and in nearly every detail stolen from `` blair witch project ''
i actually could not separate the art of goldsworthy with camera path of riedelsheimer.wonderful .
wonderful .
wonderful .
stupid child with more money and time then sense.i have no idea
what great truth the viewer is supposed to take away from this film .
who are poor ,
to play a stupid practical joke on elderly person .
your so stupid
and loved to be lied to by the medium !
that really has no need of him.avoid like the plague .
concerned this silent version of the merry widow is the worst version ever made .
i like my romance light and beautiful
not a single square of space is wasted.so many illiant scene abound ,
( 10/10 ) .
obnoxious eva longorium dies on her wedding day when an ice sculpture of an angel
who can see her.obvious unoriginal movie would not be bad in a clich\u00e9d sort of way ,
except that longorium 's character is hateful and obnoxious
that she drains all of the fun out of the film .
its the god awful script
its just really really stupid .
really put their all into some of their best role in year
which is rare enough
a funny comedy from beginning to end !
but it is also loaded with many subtle comedic moment
i thoroughly enjoyed it !
it is as if he has visualized a dirty and worn out notebook full of great little idea
in weirdness in comedy vs drama is perfectly weighed .
the music is great
makes it very pleasant and surprisingly entertaining ,
appearance and function were apparently irrelevant.- marina sirtis had obviously been blackmailed into doing the movie by the ringling brother
she managed to avoid a red rubber nose ,
the prince was in an aircraft of some sort.- fun fact 1 :
whether indoor or out.- fun fact 2 :
went to in the 8th grade.- fun fact 3 :
fly away with or drag away their prey based only on a close reading of the next few page of the script.- fun medical fact :
luckily the wobbling dispelled any concern over its weight.- best line of the movie :
annoying was more like it .
when you get caught up in a great movie or tv show
frustrating and simply not fun to watch .
who loved the show .
but it was so illiantly done that its arguably the best series finale ever .
that this thing is truly ridiculous .
in gambling addiction to behave so stupidly
highly predictable
unrealistic and sometimes even stupid .
endless look at great male and female muscle and very good photography of the spectacular hawaiian scenery .
1. you will feel sick every two minute at the sheer stupidity and silliness of how the show presents hotel business or
luke looks boring
this would have been as perfect as episode 4 and 5 ,
9/10 .
but falk 's character seems real and is performed wonderfully by falk as a seriously flawed man.shave off at least an hour
is all three and worse )
i was horribly disappointed.the storyline was
does not sound too bad
extremely annoying ,
they are not too bad
the beautiful
curious teenager has 'all grown up ' into a bland
boring wife and mother ,
it could have been worse-it is not as bad as certain other sequel
this movie is soooo funny ! ! !
the acting is wonderful ,
the joke are subtle ,
i absolutely loved the soundtrack as well
( without all the annoying song ) .
highly recommended for both the family
that are funnier with age and experience .
so that it lacks a little continuity
it is a great flick for kid
but is neither the greatest fighter nor the most demonic lover .
obnoxious but illiant ,
this film noir look
and play like a cheap programmer ,
i love film noir ,
but this one was a real disappointment .
i loved it .
the directing and cinematography are excellent ,
she is not given the best script in the world
alan rickman is great
but he plays the role beautifully .
she is absolutely fantastic as always .
you have seen the best movie
it is easy to be able to base all other movie off of the worst movie ever made
( and this is it ... a 1 at best ) .
based on this worst ... .i
this filmed presentation of `` the rime of the ancient mariner '' is a most beautiful and interesting rendition of coleridge 's haunting poem .
and michael redgrave 's superb narration
to view this excellent visual work.in the age of television ,
and to learn the value of great poetry .
to the best of my knowledge
this kind of work is indeed rare ;
because this is one hell of a bad movie .
fan of the completely terrible `` shrek '' might enjoy ,
nearly every single character is awful ,
but everything else about the movie is dull
dull
dull ! ! !
it is just terrible .
it is not as bad as `` shrek . ''
to ing out the absolute worst characteristic of human being ,
it can not all be blamed on mr. bush - after all ,
and hyper-nationalism to do despicable things.sadly
this is one of the worst movie
predictable .
they would use film like this in guantanamo or some other hidden cia/nsa prison to torture suspects.often bad movie have some redeeming feature ,
it will make a great gift for person
showing another father-son camaraderie.brilliant star-cast leading with tom hank
has done a terrific job.great
is an acting legend.great acting too from paul newman
jude law and daniel craig.casting is just too good.the plot is quite good.you will enjoy the movie.a great portrayal of the gangster of the 1930's.set in the 1930 's ,
this will surely stand out as the zenith of all gangster movie of that era.soundtrack is pretty good an apt to the movie.a great flick in totality
and it has a tense and exciting storyline as well as great fight scene .
excitement and a great hero as well .
and the unforgettable rat/bat/spider .
this was surprisingly intelligent for a tv movie
and the performance by mare winningham and alison lohman were great .
she is great .
`` hatred of a minute '' is a hauntingly beautiful film .
strong performance and excellent cinematography make this film a `` must see '' for any film student or horror fan .
this is television excellence at its best .
and it is beautifully filmed in black and white
almost a film noir style with its deep shadow and stark image .
it is a rare presentation of what homosexual faced in the 1960 in america .
written by the superb tom pettit ,
and directed by the great jeannot szwarc
beautiful .
( and the wonderful folk at pixar of course )
humourous story combined with the best of computer animation .
but background were superb and animation was eathtaking .
`` the groove tube '' is one of the most unfunny
unclever and downright horrible film ever made .
after all.this film is not even `` good '' bad or `` enjoyable '' bad .
but this film is so bad ,
so poorly made
acted and scripted and so incredible stale ,
but this film is worse than the worst snl skit you can find .
that is bad .
but poorly-filmed east from 1974 are not going to excite anyone these day .
truthfully this film is so poorly made
any ten-year old with a video camera could have made something funnier and more clever .
is easily the best thing in this horrible film .
not that the `` dancing man '' sequence is that great
while not so great itself ,
it is amazing
the acting is superb .
it is my favorite movie of all time .
( the `` bad girl '' harvested
to replace poor jan 's crushed body -
and acting that polarizes at wooden or over-the-top.this is a great party film ,
and it is damn fun to watch !
the one-liner are the best .
this is not a bad movie
the performance from burt reynold and dom deluise are great ,
unfortunately
the animation in this movie is great ,
the voice work is great ,
if there is one redeeming feature to this film ,
it fits perfectly .
and unbelievably bad all at the same time.i enjoyed part of this movie ,
it was so bad i looked it up on imdb
who enjoyed this fluff .
sadly
( on numerous cheap dvd compilation )
after a weak beginning
i gave this flick a 4/10 .
i can fault in this production is the somewhat annoying voice
it was the worst
why dose the movie have all those cheap crappy scare in it in the beginning
they did their best .
also it had a couple funny part and kill like
but the rest was great
as oken hero in a bad
at least for some of us.the three main character are amazing .
de niro has done one of his best job
this was his best performance ever .
and the dialogue is often too weak .
has got to be one of the worst yet .
( w=waste )
and the material is funnier
rosetta lanoire ,
is great in a small role.the
or just plain bad manner
if you need a consistently funny film
played by the wonderful hugh laurie .
it is the funniest thing
four wedding and a funeral .
black adder is funny and almost too good for television .
because this serial features the bar-none best theme song of any serial
-- and the best version of yakima canutt 's famous stagecoach stunt .
it is incredible ,
( having narrowly avoided death at the hand of savage native and rock-hurling apes )
and worse still ,
is often cited by fan as the best of the series ;
and there are some great action sequence !
) .the film 's most exciting moment come in the form of a wonderful underwater fight between tarzan and a crocodile
the violence is surprisingly nasty at time ,
tarzan and his mate does suffer slightly from some bad effect and unconvincing props\u0097dodgy back projection
a few laughable monkey suit
and poorly disguised trapeze swing\u0097but these should not spoil your enjoyment of this very entertaining film .
ben chaplin 's talent are wasted in a forgettable role
it is too bad
even though it is familiar territory i still enjoyed this
it is not a bad movie ;
and turns out to be pretty funny .
because they are poor white trash
much of it is very funny
some of the fun is undercut by oakland and flower ,
and they were not very funny
after that it soon became one of the funniest comedy series
the chemistry between bill and ben 's character 's were very funny
because he was a illiant actor in film such as up 'n ' under and a very funny man ripthis underrated show has sadly disappeared from our television screen
so hungrily and with such a bittersweet mixture of anticipation and fear of disappointment
stealing most of the best line and pretty much all of the film ' funniest moment ,
subtlety goes out of the window to the detraction of the main story ... . ricky gervais ' cameo
subtle comedy and self-realisation required for a story like this where a `` humble young boy embark on life-changing quest '' ;
as yvaine is beautiful
a perfect interpretation of her stellar role ;
rollicking good fun
if you enjoyed her deliciously b ! tchy performance in the recent `` hairspray '' then you will thoroughly enjoy her in this
and you may even cry - stardust is a beautiful
one of my all-time favourite film is the absolutely fantastic princes bride ,
smart and funny twenty year after its initial release ,
the role was not good..great deal of cheapness is filled in .
i was totally disappointed with the movie .
-- and this one 's no better or worse than the rest .
randall is not a bad match for reynold ,
with a poor sound-mix causing all the actor to sound
the mill is closed under the pretext of mismanagemant ,
but there is also embezzlemant and cheaper wage
and try the best for their family.john goodman
a good message film about hard time right here in america .
8/10 .
lovely film noir with a lovely twist .
! 10/10
so when i saw all the beautiful poster hanging out front ,
there are no sympathetic character so
then comes the best bit- the romance between nic and angelina .
she actually looks bored having to utter all these stupid line to nic .
they are disappointing to say the least ,
just avoid this horrible mess .
i will give 3/10 star ,
excellent political thriller
when person talk about pacino and cusack how do they manage to skip over these amazing career topping performance ?
the two actor gel amazingly well together ,
it creates wonderful character
the final scene with each of the main character are wonderfully written and acted .
`` midnight cowboy '' was never a great movie
this was a great performance
as it is voight has seldom disappointed on screen ;
funny and sexy and recognizably 'real ' ;
to win the oscar as the year 's best picture .
there are superb vignette from the like of brenda vaccaro and sylvia mile as well as john mcgiver
beautifully delineated little character study
maybe it is a great movie after all .
but not annoyingly so
the whole film is a thing of beauty and great imagination ,
the characterisation is superb ,
such a beautiful place .
and never played any of the big venues.i lay most of the blame on director michael sarne ,
and piecing the film together the best
is wasted with nothing to do.to expand it to feature length
( in amazing footage from the gang 's all here )
none of the character seem to be having any fun .
it was not bad to exploit them.this
which tried and failed in the worst way to duplicate its success .
as best i know ,
she looks great
`` sir '' john gielgud must have become senile to star in a mess of a movie like this one .
or is that bad smell coming from dayeak 1 + 2 ?
the important message the writer wanted to get across is :
this film is really bad
with a script full of 'memorable ' line and incredibly bad performance .
the special effect are also bad
( not the worst one i have seen
and the music is so bad
one of the worst film i have ever seen .
disappointing and undeniably dull true-crime movie
that has poorly cast character actor jeremy renner languidly mumbling his way through the title role of jeffrey dahmer ,
boring ,
badly acted and virtually bloodless snore-fest of a true-crime drama
like it had the perfectly good potential
that it is one of the worst serial-killer biopic ever done !
it is even sorrier than other pathetic and exploitive straight-to-video trash like `` gacy ''
where the dead king shine as a great light in the sky .
it is greatest flaw is its predictibability and utter lack of suspense .
funny
the name uwe boll is automatically linked to bad horror/cult cinema and every new movie
uwe boll is a terrible writer/director and quite frankly a menace to the entire film-making industry .
but basically it is just another umpteenth dull slasher with an indestructible killer and video game violence .
the first 45 minute of `` seed '' are beyond boring
boll was stupid enough
but still the first three quarters are wasted on catching a serial killer and inging him to the electric chair .
the senseless plot twist and complete lack of story depth of this movie go way past being just bad ;
they are downright infuriating and insulting the intelligence level of the average horror movie fanatic .
multiple twist and sub plot in `` seed '' are simply impossible to accept by the reasonable functioning human mind
just for the fun of upsetting person ,
this sequence masterfully epitomizes how pathetic and wannabe controversial the whole film in fact is .
the `` why god why '' bit was cringe worthy in it is badness though )
that the villain della chase from/after are mind-numbingly stupid .
if they had not had the intellect of any given `` home alone '' baddie ,
was immensely fun ) .
i voted this a 10/10
because it is the best animated story i
the artwork behind each and every landscape was beautiful .
this is just dull intellectualism ,
without even renting it or anything ... this movie was so horrible ,
the acting was not that bad ,
the story was horrible ,
was an awful device
it was a horrible movie ,
and still gems like this do not get a shot at recapturing their past glory .
this film is nothing less than a film-historic gem
bug goes all obnoxious on him
it is a great show for anyone of any age .
john stamos is a great actor .
john stamos does a great job portraying his character .
bob saget is also a great actor .
bob saget does a great job portraying a single parent
funny .
he is great .
playing the character of joey was perfect for him .
he does a great job
she is one of the best
incredibly amazing !
her great look and absolutely amazing acting ability helped to make the show the success
could hit every line perfectly .
she showed great enthusiasm .
is my favorite character in full house.mary-kate and ashley olsen
great actress .
jodie and candice were much better at acting.full house is a great show for everyone .
is that everyone can live a great life even if a tragedy
shown in this movie belong in a bad psychodrama
- bad preteen sex - bad emotional battering - bad animal cruelty - bad psychological torture - bad parental neglect - bad the only merit
if any is the excellent color shot of contrasting red
blond and green leaves a bad feeling for anyone
what a bad mistake to make ,
i rated cube a 10/10 ,
hypercube was a massive disappointment .
i rated it a 5/10.the third movie
because the watcher are just part of the big bad experiment ,
that is just flippin ' stupid .
and acting in cube zero are not too bad ,
that this movie can only get from me a rating of 3/10 .
which is downright dreadful !
and emerging the most annoying of the lot !
the revelation proves a surprisingly elaborate one
one of the more enjoyable aspect of asian cinema
in its own right as fascinating as any other genre-based whodunit
and the print is beautiful
thoughtful analysis these gem truly deserve .
( and greatly appreciated second look )
who has already experienced catastrophe this year with the dreadful `` william shakespeare 's a midsummer night dream .
that i found quite bad .
unlike the much worse 1997 film
is it too much to ask for that same type of thing in this comedy-which is seldom funny
the overall production design is nothing but a mess of incomplete sight gag and consist of one joke :
who surly had lot of fun .
and the actor certainly had fun time with all the gizmos and prop ,
i would like to state that `` inspector gadget '' is an awful ,
i have loved this movie ever
it never fails to make me laugh or cheer me up
the three lead are fantastic
something about how funny the next line it .
i loved it more than part i
it started off with a bang \u0096 the best clark kent to superman transformation and rescue scene .
unfortunately ,
was the great superman change scene
as was the wonderful recap of part i in s2t 's opening .
the special effect were not great in either part i or s2t ,
they were mostly downright laughable \u0096 such as lois falling from the daily planet window .
and loved it as a child \u0096 not nitpicking
( spoiler alert ) unfortunately ,
the worst change comes last :
( with some especially funny scene ) .
that the film could be about being indecisive and avoiding responsibility - a sort of fear of growing up .
although the story is mildly funny ,
1st watched 2/28/2006 - 4/10
this is not a horrible show ,
just because the series is ending does not mean that they have to get rid of some great character !
the villain ' motive are pretty bad
they are awful .
many villain look stupid
and killer croc are among the worst ) .
some episode are great- over the edge
all of the crossover featuring batman in the superman animated series were great ,
also.the absolute worst part about this show is how the creator say
when the creator cast away the amazing art style of b :
it is not a bad show ,
the animated series are great follow-up show to batman :
( played by the great richard o ' sullivan )
in particular getting some of the best line of the series .
when compared to this far funnier original .
brodie could never turn down a dare and loved attention ,
she had peaked professionally with with funny girl ,
this movie is not only a very bad movie
with awful actor
it also copies exactly an scene from the excellent `` giallio '' `` torso '' ,
the scene in rizzo 's movie is ridiculous and inferior to the softness and charming in martino 's film .
`` hickory dickory dock '' is a solid ain exercise ,
inspector japp has his funny moment
the plot is pretty weak \u0096 even though in a way
saves the poor guy 's life with the intention
****minor spoilers*** as a bad movie connoisseur i must have viewed hundred of bad movie
classic baddy such as `` the creeping terror
starts off bad and gets progressively worse
that this was a truly bad film .
that i had just seen the best
which is a continuous string of one unfunny joke after another .
that he deserves mention alongside the like of coleman francis and bill rebane as one of the worst director of all time .
how bad can a bad movie
the movie is not all that bad .
is particularly ridiculous .
that itch to just kill an hour or two doing chore and watching a movie so bad
just cause i was in the mood for a bad movie.i was not disappointed in the least.mad scientist
poorly animated
it is solid ... like a toy or something ) .
i like watching incredibly bad b-movie from time to time
do i blame the movie 's budget ... yes ,
still it is a great movie with even better music .
and was perfect for the part !
with many gem made by both the bbc and independent company .
the world at war is by far the best and ,
never fails to deliver .
and make it enjoyable .
it is probably one of the worst film i
but i have not ticked spoiler so i will just say avoid ,
avoid avoid
dubbing is worse
this is one snoozer.pretty boring 2/10
this supernatural peter weir thriller is truly one of the most haunting and fascinating movie
richard chamberlain does his best performance here as the australian lawyer
olivia hamnett and david gulpilil are solid in the supporting role
provided by the excellent john cleese
and the worst part of the film is that martin and hawn have to `` find themselves '' ,
joe johnston surprised me with his subtle directing
because stacy was in it and i loved the movie saetooth .
even that death was stupid
the film is idiotic and a waste of time .
and had an amazing selfishness attitude ,
the bad guy is muscular with red eye ...
together by famously bad director richard friedman.the movie opens in a strip bar
the cast come across as competent actor doing what they can with a bad script and a director
the main redeeming feature is that the physical werewolf effect are rather good ,
and the design of the wolf is not bad at all.but the cgi is bad .
just plain bad .
aside from the terrible script ,
many of which are unintentionally funny .
this is a really fun
but it is a wonderful sweet
refreshing movie .
one of the best of the comedy romance genre .
when i was younger i really enjoyed watching bad television .
so bland and uninspired it makes one miss star trek :
if your show makes me long for the worst trek show ever ,
is a wonderful guilty pleasure
anchored by two solid performance by jame spader and kurt russell
full of fascinating egyptian architecture and culture
a wonderful musical score ,
none of what made the film fun appears in this show .
as vanilla and dull as the script .
dumb and funny as hell .
dumbland is worth half an hour of your time .
this picture was the worst .
i could not blame them ,
some of them even boring .
of the 18 different story.montmartre - kind of a dull opening sequence ,
a woman faints next to his car ... quais de seine - another dull sequence ,
but with a sweet heart to it.les marais - this was a huge disappointment !
although a love story between two boy with an artsy background could have been interesting by the great van sant .
everything before it is just annoying.tuilery - an entertaining sequence by the coen other .
and this one also gets you truly hooked to the movie.loin du 16ieme - a beautiful story too ,
if the execution is poor ,
beautiful.porte de choisy - this segment has got to be the strangest and weirdet from the whole movie .
i am wrong.bastille - a truly wonderful sequence .
but truly sad and beautiful !
one of the best segment !
could have been great
the story is not intriguing and not funny at all.parc monceau - a truly original and great sequence
one of the best of the movie !
a young girl and an older man discuss their future and her fear for a certain man ... cuaron does a great directing job ,
and the actor are amazing !
a beautiful segment again
beautiful
- a boring sequence between ardant and hoskin ,
who are looking for new thrill in their relationship ... very unfunny and unromantic ,
madeleine is superb.pere-lachaise - another let-down segment .
it could have been great ,
twyker 's short film is beautiful
her french is truly terrible
the entity of the movie is great !
and directed the best comedic film to come out of new zealand for a long time .
this would not be so bad
who won best supporting actress at new zealand film award for this portrayal )
ken is as bad a tooltime tim taylor ,
it is great to see some famous new zealand faces perform in the suburban comedy
i loved the sparring between jen and lyn .
the performance are a treat and the film works perfectly .
a great way
my favorite `` imperialism '' movie and one of the best action-adventure flick of all time .
and the incredible temple scene with cutter singing and then annoucing
it had some subtle adult joke
one of the best low budget movie from germany !
while chevy chase and the gang at snl set new high with the sketch show format this fails miserably at every level .
and can not be blamed for this utter tripe .
very bad .
it still remains neither funny or acutely observed .
avoid even if curious .
sadly
the screaming and shouting german voice ... unbelievably funny .
the character are vague representation of the most boring person any of us know .
it is just awful .
my biggest regret is not that i wasted 60 minute of my life watching `` love in the time of money '' ,
but that i missed a great opportunity
to unravel the mystery of a fundamental question of human existence :
which was also about love and memories.message of this film
in which the musical score is in perfect tandem with its images.this is one of the reason
and loved it every bit as much as the first time .
there are many great performance in this movie ,
is fantastic
in the best way
dull movie wife audience are usually forced to endure .
as to be completely predictable ,
so everything seems like a succession of random moment at bad hollywood party .
avoid .
haute couture ~ and a perfect place
is a refreshing departure from his role as lupin in the harry potter series .
great screenplay .
this film is anything but boring !
unfortunately they do not !
are pretty pathetic and at a certain stage
i was having just about the worst day of my life .
does not have the best video quality ,
this is just perfect .
too bad ,
you poor schmuck ,
my life sucks just as bad as your .
is a gem and the final scene rounds up the film to perfection .
walter matthau gives a superb performance as the irascible semi-retired comedian
the intonation in the voice and the exaggerated dramatic coupled with his general misunderstanding of what is going on form a great characterization .
superb .
but for what the film lacks in character complexity
uncharacteristically beautiful composition of early film ,
one of his best roles.the film concern two young man
the film is entirely enjoyable and enjoyably well constructed ,
this film is fantastic .
the whole thing is badly done.watch it for the script though
a small funny film .
it is totally incredible
but it is funny how an introverted masochist can become totally dependent and mesmerized ,
it is just fun to go through their procedure and foil them systematically .
funny
but stupid and boring laughing on repeated disgusting stuff .
the music and the girl are great ,
unfortunately you have to watch the whole movie
it was weak
very very weak .
when thing are shown too beautifully ,
unfortunately for leon de aranoa
the films was ridiculously over-rated at the goyas .
that shows empathy for the weaker citizen in society ,
excellent !
is beautiful ,
or rent it cheap ,
4/10
unfortunately it appears
he is wasted in this film .
it also would have been much funnier
this film is terrible .
the plot is awful
the acting in most case was weak too ,
although a lot of this was down to a poor script and plot ,
( although the editing was poor ) .
that adequately summarises how terrible this entry in the series really is .
and do not get me started on the bad.the wasted opportunity are pretty obvious ,
wasted opportunity
funnily enough
and used a few cheap trick to draw the audience in .
by supporting cast were fantastic.where as melinda and melinda is tiresome ,
one melinda is so dysfunctional
and so melodramatic she is laughable ,
but forgettable.woody allen 's previous ensemble movie worked
the direction of denzel washington is excellent ,
( which is rare ,
it is refreshing .
the young victorium is a beautiful film
but it was and i loved it .
and it interested me greatly.queen victorium in many light was one of our all time greatest monarchs ,
she was treated so badly by her mother adviser sir john conroy ,
this was what inspired victorium to be a fantastic queen ,
the young victorium is a heart felt love story but at the same time a great look into a major part of british history ...
10/10 ... no doubt !
that the script or direction was bad ,
but what ms. blunt does do with the role is show the simple humanity of the character with potent subtlety .
and my favorite scene of all in the film- we see her nervous
a proposition so ridiculous for those time
and that some very fine actor were wasted with little do and little character development
also i would have loved to have seen more of the adjustment to married life between victorium and albert ,
i give this film a solid 7 for wonderful lead performance
what starts out as a very predictable
playing the character in a great `` aloof '' fashion ,
you nearly feel bad for the guy in the end
when his grand plan ultimately fails .
falling in the `` so-bad-it is-good '' category .
it also is shot so poorly with such grainy film
but ends up being laughable ,
the rest of the movie was just boring.in the first hour or so nothing really happens.jokes
which supposed to be funny
until he gets it.this is a real horror film with some truly wonderful horror moments.also ,
who lacks proper knowledge of film .
because sadly
ridiculous dialog ,
it fails to entertain .
it is worse than any student film i have seen.as
that lou and sassafra are the best of friend
no matter how poor the quality is .
they are fun to consider in a 'what if ? '
'bill and ted 's excellent adventure '
that short story for the first time.in the case of terry gilliam 's excellent film
alone in the dark is one bad movie
and tied with deuce bigalow for worst movie of the year .
about what kind of bad movie is a worse kind of bad movie .
superbaby or this guff .
because the director is a stupid ,
the really terribly bad horror film .
everything about it is a mess .
bad plot
insane random camera cut and appalling soundtrack.alone in the dark is a dreadful movie
`` casper and ferdie have some fun together until someone else shows up ... i hate
and ferdie happy again.i would give this cartoon 8/10 star .
that housewife 's daytime movie and bad soap operas always are ,
and it is based in that predictable and well-trodden premise
but i had hoped for beautiful or textural or emotionally charged .
what i got was a particularly bad christmas 'feelgood ' story
you are a fan of predictable 'housewife takes on man and win ' tv movie .
but the best
what made this film unforgettable are the great explosion picture
it is obscurity was its greatest asset it seems .
there follows nearly an hour of a dull arranged marriage melodrama .
unfortunately
many of these film have simply deteriorated so badly
-- a time all but forgotten today.unfortunately ,
it is also a mess .
the writing is just god-awful and a bit trashy at time
-- with some of the worst acting i have seen in a very long time.still ,
if you can look past a lousy production in just about every way
bad acting and direction and poor writing ) ,
so you can see excellent singing and tap dancing
really bad !
who 's obsessed with perfection .
the supporting cast are likewise excellent :
the polished cinematography by levie isaak boasts lot of great crazy
who are both pitch perfect ) ,
but the movie is still great and among the best
it has the best soundtrack of any movie of the last 50 year at least
and it was one of the best concert
are completely wasted by this stilted nonsense
avoid it .
is this the `` worse '' star trek tos episode ?
boring .
trek loved to use the color purple
in the ship corridor is pretty lame .
( spoorloos )
the beginning is great ,
but it is done all very beautifully .
'de grot ' tell an amazing story stretched over more than 30 year .
like our poor
but beautiful protagonist
cheap ... .the character were drawn in very oad stroke
but would appreciate a bit more subtlety.of course ,
that many other seem to find some meaning or message in this picture .
what a fascinating film .
mostly the poor .
in which even the great cary grant frequently appears flat and wooden ,
dreary and wholly pointless script ,
which drags itself lamely along and drags the viewer 's interest
but the horrible script is beyond resuscitation .
only serves to add insult to injury.this film
is nothing but a major disappointment on all level .
funny film
due to the fantastic finale and great humor ,
plus jackie chan is simply amazing in this ! .
jackie and wai-man chan had fantastic chemistry together ,
and are both very funny ! ,
however the dubbing was simply terrible ! .
and the main fight is simply fantastic ! ,
it is pretty cheap looking but generally very well made ,
plus one of my favorite moment in this film is when jackie
due to the fantastic finale
and great humor
that it is nothing great ,
jackie chan does a good job here with solid camera work
fantastic angle
jackie chan is amazing as always ,
and is amazing here ,
had fantastic chemistry with wai-man chan ,
and played this wonderful cocky character ,
he was amazing ! ,
and excellent
it has a great cast
who give superb cliche characterisation with help from the usual effective story
that nerd should not have fun of any sort
having lot of unprotected sex and harass other weaker child
these bad person were playing a game
this movie is utterly stupid and a waste of time .
who picks up working class oik danny dyer for a night of fun .
after a stupid accident in the countryside
`` straighthead '' was terrible .
if i did not dislike the phrase a great deal i would call `` straighthead '' a video nasty .
what an awful show .
that has ever been in a bad sci-fi series .
the story is bad .
the dialog is worse than a prime time soap opera .
and the set are awful .
caprica is a waste of film
a waste of time and a waste of effort .
you might find this gem.the human condition in modern time la .
excellent casting and excellent acting .
and devastated after my first viewing of this - many part of grey garden are very funny and unbelievably surreal - documentary of not
this might be one of the greatest ever film
a hugely enjoyable pirate flick
that recalls the very best of chan 's hero buster keaton
and whilst the frequent foray into laboured comedy dull the film 's impact just a little ,
that ranks with the best of its period .
the return is not the worst movie ever made .
but failed in a pathetic or offensive manner .
the acting is as bad
the plot is terrible and predictable .
the special effect are pathetic .
some movie are so bad ,
to thereby maintain the funding necessary for the continuation of the project.at the last minute
his fear of losing funding and control become inconsequential ,
which seemingly serves verhoeven 's purpose perfectly .
and it is too bad ,
i rate this one 4/10 .
maybe that was my mistake.i tried my best to enjoy this film ,
that the format is not the best idea .
and a more straightforward biographical approach would perhaps be better suited to covering the life story of this remarkable lady.there are fundamental mistake
3/10 from me .
as this movie is not fantastic .
and beautiful teenage daughter .
are all beautiful ,
only if you are a fan of mediocre korean horror
it is a very poorly done film with a lot of violence .
i suppose it follows cheaply along the line of every slasher movie
it is just so dull .
bad editing and the whole works .
who sound like they are talking into a wastebasket .
only a sad waste of time .
( ultimatum has an 85/100 on metacritic.com ,
to keep the movie from becoming bland at time .
since august 3. it is the best action movie i
damon is solid but not spectacular
very smart movie bad )
this movie is some of the worst crap i
the cgi was awful ,
and the story was just a waste of ink .
the actor try very hard to make a go of an essentially unfunny script .
after getting a quickie divorce just is not all that funny .
just seems terribly unfunny
than the script and i found myself just bored by the whole mess .
not only is this movie a great film for basic cinematography
this is the greatest film i
and makes a beautiful artistic act from these 11 short film .
personal tribute.the weakest point comes from y. chahine :
it is really the weakest part of the movie ,
the 9 other are perfect
or nearly perfect
otherwise it would be a perfect 10.it seems
that every actor enjoyed their part and overacting
that will stick with you.it is a fantastic movie
this move pokes fun in all the right place .
that contained both of the great we were thrilled !
the worst film i have ever seen but worth a look for a laugh
the acting is awful the effect ...
well i could do better on my camcorder in fact its so bad they only bothered to put make up on the zombie faces and left out neck
that make no sense and terrible script !
it is great fun to watch ,
his stuff is so awful .
how bad this guy really is .
he is the worst out there.the credit would not end
as the pathetic movie started and quickly i noticed
that the audio was incredibly badly dubbed in .
the acting was incredibly awful
the editing is easily the worst .
i wasted 45 minute of my life.do not watch this crap !
r o b o t j o x.burn the master.grotesquely horrible.no ending ;
no closure.completely and utterly the worst movie ever made.replaces `` the adventure of pluto nash ''
as the worst movie of all time.i hate this utterly unacted
unproduced mess of a thing
this mess of a thing makes
those movie only bad -
not terrible horrible and grotesque like this thing .
and meets a beautiful
they are usually filled with lame actor
stupid storyline and minimal effect .
it is a movie about a poor ,
it is funny that the critic here could not get the locale straight .
and another annoying thing ... .this is the second family movie i
`` fly me to the moon '' has to be the worst animated film i
bad movie .
but there is not enough violence for my liking.the film becomes quickly boring and forgettable
a child 's tale of supernatural '' to name only a few.4/10 .
that this is the story of martinaud 's imperfection and his difficulty in coping .
this could have been one of the best summerslam 's ever
it was a terrible main event
just like every match luger is in is terrible .
and yokozuna defended the world title against lex luger this match was boring
and it has a terrible ending .
however it deserves 8/10
where it is really funny to go drunk driving and smash into other people ' car .
without any funny joke !
every scene was like a bad saturday night
not very funny to begin with ,
that was just lame.and i also found the `` aquarius '' sequence totally annoying and excessive .
there is definatly no extreme violence in this boring peice of s*t. i
however its just boring boring nonsense with ton of lame slow mo flashback
avoid !
at best
bettie 's greatest exposure
which would have given it far greater depth .
the soundtrack is great ,
with such bad taste in movie ,
because it` one of the worse movie ever created .
it` so lame
so bad ,
that it becomes terribly funny .
`` man in white '' are so dumb and stupid ,
aline macmahon is of course wonderfully authoritative as the chief nurse ,
however the stunt work on this movie was excellent
( 7/10 )
section of `` the great escape
`` stripe '' was pretty darn funny i thought .
it is so unfunny ,
( awful ) .
is the lack of a great cinematographer ,
this is a bad movie .
not one of the funny bad one either .
this is a lousy bad one .
the direction was awful ,
lucy liu and mickey rourke signed on for this criminal waste of celluloid .
the script was terrible
and will only waste two hour of your life
have seen bad movie
before and even enjoyed them due to their fault .
this one is just a waste of time .
it is like a bad 80s tv show
oh my god was it bad .
the story is pretty predictable ,
there is a funny subplot
she is not that great an actress ,
beautiful hair
it was dreadful
and the violence was awful .
this is one of the worst movie
it is one of the worst movie i
but hostel is definitely much more worse .
this movie is more funny and ridiculous
bad actor
just some low-budget crap.i rate it 3/10
mr.tom is perfectly portrayed by john thaw as the harsh old man
the film was so excellently shot
who do not are missing out on a truly amazing and illiant film .
this is a beautiful film .
adding it to my collection of my all time favorite movies.tom hank is my favorite actor ,
i would not call this a great movie
but for what it is supposed to be it is fantastic .
the film is truly a great bank caper comedy
and is sort of like a poor man version of ocean eleven
while this does save a great deal of time ,
though you might be best to start off watching the third season ,
he was not going to be playing the great emancipator
fonda was not playing the great emancipator
the great strength of young mr. lincoln is the way
lincoln will forever be a favorite subject of biographer and dramatist
that he was our president during the greatest crisis in american history
and great joke .
the acting is not that great ,
but asked for double the money thats how bad my hero 's acting and the hole thing was ... ... ... ... .i can not believe
but the use of stock footage for cut scene and for visual of the aircraft in flight is pathetic .
being assassinated is steadier and cleaner.my honest opinion is to tell you not to waste your time
it was fun to see francis again ,
but it was a weak effort .
because the rest of the '50s sci-fi film were so stupid !
! some if the early scene would have looked great on wideescreen ,
i wanted to see it in the first place was because i was curious about what the great henry fonda was really like at his peak .
i was not disappointed -
wonderful animation and adorable character
( even the bad guy were cute ! )
to avoid disaster .
though the film unfortunately sways from its russian root ,
nastasya is a great match ,
the film would have been lost and boring .
in this film was great .
just when your thinking its going to get boring
not too long and not too shabby.8/10
.unfortunately
to make it the best way
they were poor ,
funny ,
it is ok to be funny
is a great little sleeper movie
to seeing this one was the earlier and somewhat disappointing 'the dead eye of london ' ,
which did not exactly inspire a great hope for the rest of the genre in me .
it is great fun to watch
that throws so many weird and wonderful idea into the script
that there are so many different side to the plot does unfortunately
the atmosphere is superb
and the colour scheme on display is great too look at .
and clearly the man has a great imagination ;
the location used are also superb
college girl murder is an excellent little mystery flick and one
that comes highly recommended !
and have reviewed a great deal of them
that this film has the single funniest scene i
as to what makes this incredibly stupid movie as funny
i can not blame them
except it is much funnier .
he has never been funnier .
it is stupid ,
but it is stupid on purpose ,
if it has the funniest scene of all time in it .
surprisingly
( in this amazing fur thing )
rf and garson have a wonderful evening together !
when garson wakes him from a bad dream .
the extreme stereotype and message-laden dialogue just come off as charmingly outdated ,
and provide a great deal of grist for discussion on how thing have changed for gay in the past 30 year .
my website on bad and cheesy movie
this is absolutely terrible
it is an insult upon this entire planet
jim mckay has made one of the best films
about getting that perfect hand-held shot.raising victor varga ings to life the world of the latino inner-city neighborhood to the big screen .
you can practically smell victor varga 's cheap cologne .
unfortunately
sollett 's constant use of close-up and one particularly bad
a solid effort in filmmaking
if victor varga were truly a great film and story ,
unfortunately
and this series is simply amazing !
it follows it very well.i give this series a 10/10 .
it has a great story
and some of the best animation i have seen .
it also has some great japanese music in it too !
this film was in one word amazing !
a beautiful ensemble of older screen gem
was amazing .
her subtle chemistry with the knight in stolen armour was great
i loved this film ,
but there are some great character here ,
mostly because there are cheap ,
brilliant .
beautiful.and salute to yasmin .
or funnier ,
.i enjoyed the film with some reservation .
and what had actually happened.i would rate it 7/10 ,
won the oscar in 2002 for `` best animated short
which is pretentious at best and appealing to anyone
that would be funny in two of the three instance .
and the film is not quite awful enough
watching by bad film buff .
but yesterday i finally saw it on cable and ... well ... i was not disappointed ,
at her very worst :
singularly convinced of her own greatness
if the world 's greatest actress on her best day could do anything with this mess .
though poor jeanne tripplehorn seems to carry herself
and is not altogether bad
( despite winning a razzie nomination for `` worst actor '' ) ,
on whose shoulder rest the blame .
ritchie deserves some blame :
should be light and fun
it is not even bad enough for us bad-movie lover to enjoy .
do not waste your time .
which was worse :
the weakest part of the scenario is that the impossibility of seriously mentally ill patient to act like normal person
those are not the only weak part of the movie .
also appearance of togan in the very end is obviously the worst mistake
the fuss about the greatness of the movie and the interview
gen is a total disappointment .
it was so funny.both akshay kumar and john aaham are illiant actor ,
and then the other one was just so funny to watch ,
that he makes more great comedy 's like this one in the future
that some of his amazing work has got noticed
before you flame on me ,
turning to boxing for self-respect and anger management
i rate this 7/10 .
not even the swearing and the insult
disappointing ,
and beautiful athenian location shooting .
following a plane crash and the inheritance of $ 1 million by a beautiful widow .
although the plot does make perfect sense in this giallo ,
to fully appreciate all its subtlety .
whotta great outfit it is turned out to be
in its ongoing quest to ing these lost italian gem back from oblivion .
this show was great ,
he sadly passed away in season 2 ,
when i was 13 year too just like roy.season 2 and season 3 had great comedy in there also season 3 had some of my favorite such freaky friday ,
i was disappointed
it was one the best no
it was the best family comedy show ever since home improvement
and more solid.the character had become stale as well .
tapping has done a great job
davis has done an incredible job with hammond
making him sympathetic and normal .
mad world '' is at the top of my list for all time greatest comedy ever made ,
it is a lame
lame
lame
lame comedy.rating :
the visual effect were amazing - especially for a short .
that person are under estimating this incredible film .
it would deservedly get a 1/10 but i viewed this film with a few friend
that it deserves the 10/10 for the pure entertainment of the film.the general view on this movie is that it has bad acting
that has a hilariously funny script
this was a disappointing film .
a disappointment .
and puts back on.maria perform oral sex on a poor man 's sean willian scott ,
or has one of the worst director in the history of film .
but i was disappointed .
the acting was weak
( at best ) ,
this was an utter waste of time .
it was a waste of film and money .
the actor are terrible ,
the accent are horrible ,
and is not funny .
although it is not trying to be funny .
i adore m. c. beaton 's book about the wonderful scottish constable .
if you love m. c. beaton 's adorable hamish macbeth do not waste your time on this rubbish .
and acting from the main character is superb
the great skill of this play is that with astute writing and fine acting a movie basically about `` two of us ''
talking can make an excellent picture .
worthy of at least an 8/10 .
one of the best comedy series to ever come out of britain .
little britain pale into insignificance as a poor imitation of their idea .
but i have heard good thing and bad thing
so i will reserve judgement.the original radio series from which log came was as innovative as the tv series became .
it really is annoying that we finally get a show
and just wanted to have fun .
that not only deliver but is actually one of the best
scott mcdonald is great as jack frost ,
who becomes a snowman through some stupid accidental mix of ridiculous element .
are completely retarded but really funny .
that the rest of the cast completely over-acts just adds to stupidity of the film ,
but it is stupidity is it is genius .
of course it is only fun to watch the first few time
i gave it a 7/10 ,
this is a great movie for date and couple in the late hour .
they are going to be bad from frame one .
to add insult to the injury ,
it does not even fit in that famed `` so bad it is good '' category .
it is just plain bad .
the script is bad ,
the zombie are awful ,
line are bad ,
actor are bad.. the list
just because of its reputation of being awful .
there are bad movie
but like the best film in the genre the utality is offset by a good score and attractive photography .
so martino 's film is influential in its own right.this is a good solid giallo
the owner of the factory in china is amazingly open ,
gundam wing is a fun show .
the best character is zechs ,
wing has great suit design .
with the epyon being my favorite .
but sweet suit design does not quite save the series from boring character.conclusion :
enjoyable
fortunately ed is here to teach hippie in the art of envirojudgementalism.here
holly is a powerful and amazing film on many different level .
it is amazing .
unfortunately
( not because this is funny ,
but chaplin at that great sense of melodrama
and he did it with a great sense of reality .
very beautiful bonham-carter did exactly the same thing ,
miss bonham-carter gives one of the greatest woman 's part of the 1990 's
she had the most beautiful eye of cinema since jobyna ralston
many great science fiction story were written in the 50 's and some of them
i actually enjoyed this quite a bit.but
simon 's best comedy is superbly crafted by director gene sak
every new zealand film made is great .
wrong.it is completely overrated and not funny ,
the only really funny thing i
i was most disappointed with the ending of the film
who only messed around with white woman ,
it was very disappointing .
the joke are lame at best
how ridiculous it is .
go see it for the a-to-z primer on what to avoid .
a film like amazing grace and chuck is a perfect example
he loves in an incredibly sappy and ridiculous scene.before
criticizing the message of this film ,
that this film is poorly written
how badly the film was constructed .
that go to waste .
you want to see a great film about the danger of nuclear war
is an incredible picture .
but that is a big part of the fun .
jim davis gives an excellent performance in this film .
it is probably one of the best role
like many of the best work of art ,
is not afraid to be subtle and ambiguous .
and leaves old food gone bad in the refrigerator !
is bad enough ,
but its more than a little ridiculous ,
only because it was so extremely bad and cartoonish
female solidarity momant ! ! !
have been eating poisonous waste for decade
watching actor of some notoriety clumsily fall amidst tiny black speck is painfully funny in a not-so-good-but very-bad way .
the cast for the film is not bad on paper ,
poor myrna loy has to sit in a wheelchair through this horror .
although it is quite a bad film ,
and does have many of those seventy bad film quality - start-studded actor embarrassing themselves ,
really quite dreadful .
but you also gain a greater appreciation for why
i was not disappointed .
... this is not the first time stanley blurred the distinction between genre to such great effect
which actually yields some very funny moment .
together they made a great team
if you want a great viewing experience ,
( director of many bad moovy )
he makes one terrible actress scream and moan helplessly for about 10 minute
the film is poorly shot
in a word ... amazing.i initially was not too keen to watch pinjar
this would be another movie lamenting over the partition
that one rarely gets to see in bollywood nowaday .
no one country is depicted as good or bad .
the cinematography is excellent
everything about the movie was amazing ...
all were perfectly cast.if
you are interested in watching an intellectual and genuinely wonderful movie ...
amazing can not describe how excellent it is .
but i loved this film .
the only one i have ever given less than an 8/10
that i have given less than a 10/10
which can fairly be called an awful film .
there is not better awful film ,
if a film is amazing in a particular aspect ,
but a film can be the most amazing visual masterpiece
and have a lame or illogical story -
whose narrative i perceive as poor .
that just made the whole endeavor more fantastic and beautiful .
which is my favorite film .
2001 is perfectly coherent
the best sequence in the film is when the lead man and woman
the setting is enormously beautiful .
`` this is such a beautiful place .
that is a good thing or a bad thing .
just wanted out of the situation.the film is also simply amazing visually .
are amazing pictorially .
that are particularly amazing here .
one of the film 's greatest sequence involves the man ,
that she and the man enjoyed to themselves -
in order to make cheap
it - is almost offensively cheap .
but they were awful at the time .
they can still be awful now .
10/10 .
it is an excellent mystery movie soaked in wit .
he gets the best line of deathtrap ,
which he executes perfectly :
juggle comedy and drama in a surprisingly strong performance
that is one of my favorite comedy - noise off .
( perfect stranger ) .
that they are many subtle joke
even 10 minute is too much to waste on enid-blyton-meets-struggling-wanna-be-artist .
slasher are always supposed to be bad ,
who wears a mask the person at the poor box rejected.there is one pretty decent murder somewhere in the middle
and put it somewhere on the list of characters.the motive is just lame
no fair ! really one of the most awful movie i have ever seen.i could enjoy myself more by watching a lindsay lohan-movie
but to my surprise i really enjoyed this .
either that or he was given lousy role
but i enjoyed this the most
i gave it a 9/10 .
otherwise it was beautifully told
are unlikeable and annoying ,
as otherwise i would not have wasted $ 16 buying it off ebay.take it from me -
avoid like 7 2 offsuit ! ! !
- quickly became schoolhouse favorite ,
which never made them seem dull or boring .
the stark but unimaginative lighting and photography stems from the fagged out noir cycle .
and even the set dressing perfunctory .
( but surprisingly downbeat )
every cloud has a silver lining and both scene show of her fantastic knocker
to provoke the odd rye smile and appreciative nod of respect for effort.best scene
before uttering the immortal line `` ugh - there is an awful face in my soup '' .
therefore mal\u00e9fique is a great flick ,
what is worse ,
now that would really be fun !
but the city he took a vacation was worse ,
which are best known for the sunglass
thought + secret plan + fun + black humor + sex !
( needed for the unlimited funeral ! )
when it finishes i miss it.. one of my favorite all time classic ...
it is not necessarily awful \u0096
come across as sympathetic and for some never-explained reason
and the character are too unsympathetic for `` incubus ''
there are quite a few tedious part
`` incubus '' was a bit of a disappointment ,
.i would have loved a continuation with starbuck and apollo on board .
which nonetheless unspools like a mere imitation of laurel and hardy 's best work -
but whose work here lacks a measure of pzazz .
and some of the piece are actually funny ,
this film came highly recommended to me ,
this is now one of my favorite movie .
it was incredible
i loved this movie for two reason :
1 ) jeff combs is absolutely wonderful in it .
but it is well-done and thoroughly enjoyable .
was not too badly done ,
not that i expect a great deal of plausibility in movie ,
poor ice-t play his part
cutting out all the pointless scene and all the profanity .
what an awful movie .
but i could not watch even half of the terrible acting
there is nothing redeeming about this movie .
the character come from either an endless supply of suicidally stupid cannon fodder or else
even the cgi is horrible .
this is truly one of the worst film ever made .
not the worst movie ever made ,
it is a wonderful portrayal of the cheerful side of georgian character .
necessary and perfect .
when we are obsessed with utter perfection .
nor will progress improve upon its greatness .
-- certainly much more than the classic 1953 version by george pal.it greatest fault is that it was obviously made on a very cheap budget .
this is particularly annoying during most of the interior shot ,
is very disappointing .
it is a great shame
not bad
it look much worse on a big screen .
you are easily put off by cheap production value ,
you would best pass on this
jeff wayne is making an animated film of his best-selling album from 1978 ,
bonnie bedelia was rather forgettable
that `` anchor aweigh '' is a great comedy .
gene kelly and frank sinatra make such a funny team !
and it did that wonderfully in an unforgettable dance number .
undoubtedly one of kelly 's funniest movie .
because they are poor ;
the direction is pathetically dilettante -
the so-called `` director '' is unable to build up at least a mediocre mise-en-scene ,
it would be ridiculous to mention concept as `` cinematographic language ''
that squanders the country 's money on such ridiculously scaous non-art
portrayed perfectly by nick nolte .
as if the most perfectly oddball thing
this is probably one of the worst `` wan na be a low budget
the film is so predictable
the special effect are so poor
unfortunately
it is technically good and i gave it 4/10 ,
on jeremy london 's part was horrible !
he could be so bad .
along with a good solid performance from the lead actor .
unfortunately
it has great potential
but get disappointed from the start .
i would not waste my time
pandora 's clock is among the best thriller
and this is one of the best thriller
the cast is great and slips into character from the novel so well
jane leeve is great her role as an ambassador 's assistant in a role
daphne zuniga is great as dr. sander
its presented making this the best airplane set movie since the original airport movie .
set are great
so one can pass this off as cheap exploitation horror ,
the great cast
beyond the excellent direction
acting and the predictable drama lies an essential message in the script : ''
`` evening '' has one of the best feminine cast i have ever seen in a movie
the resemblance of the stunning mamie gummer with her mother meryl streep is amazing
unfortunately the plot is confused
and i have not clearly understood the message of this film .
they were not able to make sense and fulfillment to the beautiful love story .
( at ridiculous price )
and it is beautifully crafted lesson in tolerance .
why just yesterday i burned down a church and i wrote `` for sam and arthur '' in its smoldering ashes.the cinematography was the best thing about this film .
unfortunately
smith does a great job portraying a man
if you can get past the ridiculousness of the whole thing
the acting is awful
but the movie is not a complete waste of time .
you could certainly do worse with an hour and a half of your time ,
it was awful ,
though given the ridiculous story and the nature of the character ,
an annoying dufus
the creepy next door neighbor with the bad rug
that was so bad
it was just plain awful .
to get rid of all the bad
not to mention poor special effect
and really bad writing all around
-- it was not even funny --
turning likable winkler into an obnoxious goof-off probably sounded like an interesting idea at the time
as henry 's beloved
but i can not blame it for that .
uma thurman is great as the bipolar superhero
that luke wilson can be absolutely perfect
he is given two of the best comic performance of 2006
it is one of the funniest sex scene ever .
that the wonderful alan ball had anything to do with this mess .
is just awful .
she is not really much fun to look at either ,
the other actor do their best but with the clich\u00e9 character with difficult to perform accent
it is like nail on a chalkboard bad .
almost as awful is nelsan ellis ,
seem a bit over the top and pointless.about the only nice thing
i can really think to say about this mess is that i liked the opening title sequence .
hbo has had a string of bad luck with their show lately ,
horrible waste of time - bad acting
this is the most boring movie ever !
there are bad movie
that are fun
and there are bad movie
that are horrible .
bottom line - do not waste your time .
recipe for one of the worst movie of all time :
has terrible aim with a gun
a lame attempt at a surprise ending and lot
avoid at all cost .
as bad as the movie was ... i
totally enjoyed it ,
it is the best of the best
i feel bad
the funny thing is ,
if you like killing a few hour with truly fun to watch
straight to video-b movie or 'bad ' movie for your little liary collection then ,
that is so lame ,
-good fun .
i gave it a '1 ' and an overall rating of 'awful ' for awful-good b ' movie .
and partially fund the project with careful product placement in the feature .
ella was excellent ,
franchot was unavoidably over-the-top
i will avoid naming the murderer
because of the plot `` thriller '' demands.a very well-done but dated film noire
done in the familiar short-scene tableaux format of the period.8/10 .
and you sit there with a pathetic smile on your face
caro diario was funny
and a half is a high-pitched whine going on about how his politic are best ,
that is not completely dominated by his annoying voice .
it is fun ,
and corbin bernsen play dr. feinstone perfectly
and you could conceivably enjoy this movie.this film is so stupid
is pointless .
even the title song is sung with pained enthusiasm.april love belong in the worst film bargain bin along with ishtar and plan 9 from outer space .
very very bad film
i still remember that kick ass fun song `` america 's funniest person . ''
frankly it should have been titled american 's lame or unfunny or downright disgusting person .
because of the lame crappy video person submitted .
also it developed as somewhat of a variety show with lame guest star
the video were disgusting and lame ?
garfield et al the best
is perfectly matched by the crummy production value .
using really really bad back projection .
how bad is it ?
it is just terrible .
avoid it .
to start a millennium with such nonsensethe film seems to suit 70 's but looks like an unintentional comedy for 2000anywayz some classic gem from the film :
he goes searching his mother in the village worst part is
who has the worst wigdirection
is badanil try hard looks too old in the younger role and too young in the older role yet good effort rekha is adequate ,
raveena too is okay harish is bad shakti kapoor is terrible aruna irani is as usual rajnikant is okay in a cameo
`` perfect alibi '' is an entertaining and very likable mystery thriller .
kathleen quinlan is excellent as alex mcarthur 's tormented wife and the character role ,
all the bare chested woman in the world could not keep me from hitting the stop button about a third of the way through this awful rubbish .
equally terrible script plus the poor cgi fx to match ;
this movie is an insult to the werewolf genre .
which in itself would be funny
of being a bad joke.this
avoid at all cost
this movie fails on many level ,
the cast is solid ; however
'' this is predictable ,
while being best-seller ,
they are poorly written novel
based on bad theology.as a southern baptist minister
fundamentalist stance with regard to bible interpretation ,
but to state that the fundamentalist point of view is the only valid way
end-time prophecy is tenuous at best.but the real issue with these book is comes in the way
eddie murphy delirious is undoubtedly the funniest thing
there is not one dull spot in this piece of genius unlike eddie murphy raw
i gave this a 10/10
but after watching it i was really disappointed .
the best bit was
it was not going to be great .
but what i witnessed was to awful for word .
its just the movie was terrible .
overall it had bad ,
i mean awful special effect ,
the acting was not too bad ,
in my opinion the best sasquatch movie is harry and the henderson .
but it has the best depiction of sasquatch .
everything about them was great
everything.i loved the crab scene and the cooking scene.but
( no movie should ever be boring ,
excluding a disappointing ending ,
the director firstly presents the material in an extremely `` arrogant '' way and worse
it is incoherent in that it presents the material in a messy dislodged order ,
and all we are left with is a mess of event
but sadly fail to do so ,
if you want to watch some boring person talk in a profound way about nothing
listened to some really bad actor going on about a woman and a horse ,
he feels bad ...
that is one great thing .
9-9,5/10 .
thing go bad - reaaaal bad -
'polouse story ' is one of the greatest action movie ever ,
and ends with one of the most incredible action sequence ever filmed .
everything in between is great .
the bad news for anyone
is that jackie chan movie do not come much better - 10/10
i purchased this video quite cheaply ex-rental ,
but this was just bland bland bland .
incredibly dull scene were oken up too sparsely by good wholesome cheap porn and entertaining dream horror sequence .
if ten of million of dollar can go into the countless bad film
will not be disappointed .
the song are superb
the actor are visually compelling especially karisma kapoor
who is surely one of the most beautiful actress anywhere in the film world .
who ought back the dead person..omg its so stupid i am
not even going to say any more about it.the last one was the best .
with a bad heart is desperately in need of a transplant .
that a heart donor with the same rare blood type is found .
he is doing through an annoying voice-over
none of which are too fascinating .
that the director/writer is trying to make fun of the patient
maybe there is some dumb fun
gorris texture them with an appropriately dark atmosphere and a subtle sense of foreboding
what an incredible range turturro has as an actor ,
emily watson is excellent
i rate this one 9/10 .
this movie goes beyond just being bad ,
it is definitively the worst movie i have ever seen in my entire life .
aside from incredible cinematography ,
it was a typical disney disappointment for me .
that jame earl jone narration is getting a bit boring .
i absolutely loved it .
the scariest `` bad guy
rachel mcadams was great .
the amazing part is that the end was not anti-climatic .
i was not disappointed in the end .
leaving franklin exposed as merely a good publicist rather than a prolific writer.the initial murder set-up is fantastic and cassidy 's performance facilitates an arguable accolade
that he was the best columbo murderer in the series.peter falk is wonderfully understated in his role as columbo and the character 's inherent trait and oddity ,
fails to latch on ,
spieberg 's effort should not be underestimated.unfortunately
without another murder.the climax is the most disappointing aspect of this episode .
cassidy 's character 's hitherto smugness and arrogance is amazingly expelled by a clue
unfunny clip about everything from a stupid batman spoof to a guy
the best actor in this movie .
with an amazing performance
so perfectly .
the greatest film actor in the history of the medium .
this is one of jimmy stewart best movie ,
most enjoyable romantic comedy
i greatly recommend this movie
and saw the worst film of my life .
it was so bad ,
i have yet to see anything else that bad since .
this movie is one of the best in-depth look at the life of a chess grandmaster ,
is a total waste of film ,
without a single redeeming quality.i have read review touting the performance herein as `` wonderful
'' `` beautiful
unless these man were supposed to come off as the dumbest most ignorant proto-human
not a bad effort .
7/10 .
even the worst hypocrite of them all
the flame reaching up
and the flame leaped up right on her .
with a stupid screenplay
but surprisingly good acting .
so awful the image are .
how poor this film is .
the poor little girl is going to turn around
did we just waste our time watching ! ''
after using the loo funny ,
it is refreshing to go to a movie
i loved mindy sterling as the mother .
beautiful condo in florida .
having `` fun ''
( more fun than the audience ) ,
acting stupid etc etc .
dorie barton is dreadful
as the main woman and tom jay jone is lousy as oz .
and he is terrible .
is kind of funny
dull
stupid
i was delighted to finally see the release of amazing story the first season on dvd .
if you loved the twilight zone
and you will not be disappointed with your purchase .
as unfortunately i do not seem to be able to rent it in the video store ,
i was disappointed
unfortunately both came out around same time
was one of the best teen-oriented film
as a prequel this is fairly lame .
absolutely putrid slasher film has not one redeeming quality .
( pamela anderson..awful as the killer ;
when she wastes person
we run the gamut of boring
and is merely a waste of time .
that will soon be recognized as the `worst film of all time ' by the `worst director of all time ? '
because it is `so bad
seems both pointless and part of band-wagon syndrome
we 'd cite.the film 's universal poor quality goes
without saying -- 'sixteen year of alcohol ' is not without competition for title of worst film
unfortunately
those moment of glory are so far buried in the shadow of this film 's poorness
'sixteen year of alcohol ' failed to entertain me even on a `make fun of the bad movie ' level .
not just bad ,
but obnoxiously bad as though jobson intentionally tried to make this film a poetical yawn
making it not profound but funny .
pointless and obnoxious till the end with a several grin/chuckle moment
so bad it is good ?
and nothing more.definitely a film to watch with a group of bad-movie connoisseur .
so bad it is mike myer commentating in his cod scottish accent on it
jane eyre is a complex story of great richness
timothy dalton 's rochester is probably the best ever .
and this is fulfilled to perfection .
that this version with timothy dalton and zelah clark is the best !
this version has an excellent cast -
and is an amazing actor .
washington as always puts on a great performance.the plot in a nutshell :
and everyone puts in a great performance
and the directing is great .
the style of direction was something i enjoyed
and ought the best out of mexico citythis is one of those film
you will not be disappointed
the plot is very stupid
slacker is just a predictable teen flick
but there is no real true funny or original moment in the movie .
and some are actually pretty funny .
but they do a rather poor job in this film .
so you can not blame him too much .
the funniest character was probably laura prepon though ,
slacker is not the worst film of 2002
rating 4.3/10 a below average teen comedy
the stock generic soundtrack is laughable ,
the direction is bland and strangest of all ,
the fund would have also seen a more enlightened purpose fueling a crack-addict ;
and hope for the best with the next deus-barman picture .
and the film lacks a depth in term of character development
as a whole for the movie industry at all.the joke were lame
and not funny at all.the scene with regard to the 4 master of jay chou coming back
degenerated into a pointless plot
worse of all ,
all thank to jay chou 's excellent kung fu skill .
greatly with those in the list of imdb 's top 250 film of all time ,
this is a great movie choice .
who just want to watch a great family film ,
this is a god-awful movie .
is horrible
the acting worse .
like all of those awful mario lanza movie ...
so as awful
the beautiful voice and memory are enough
it is corny and awful .
boring ,
badly written italian exploitation flick.lot of nudity ,
gore and awful acting.the werewolf makeup was the only thing
that would raise a laugh.complete rubbish-even for fan of cheesy italian horror.please avoid .
and that you most make the best out of every moment
all will be god damn perfect
picture bride has an excellent look into hawaii 's past and the person
which is pointlessly thrown in to shock the audience.i would give
the hill have eye ii 4/10 for pure entertainment ,
and nothing else.4/10
and only got worse.why would they bury the hollander under a statue ?
into my personal best film ever collection.this film is loaded with humor
the usual large amount of celeity cameos and some really enjoyable song
as funny and smart and just plain illiant as this film was and is .
that this is possibly jackie chan 's worst movie
( memory is funny that way )
it is a basic good vs. bad chase movie with the final portion
'slick ' - very beautiful and organic and a tremendous amount of detail in the building
freddy has gone from scary to funny
and makes the series more funny than scary.so this film is really a comdey sore to speak.it is not the wrost in the series ,
but contains pervasive bad language
this is a great movie !
the acting and camera are excellent too
sadly
cinematography is excellent .
solid 9. torn and farrell excel in this movie .
as do not look now or bad timing ?
poorlyacted
the acting is wooden and roeg 's attempt at his trademark dislocation of time are pitiful.avoid this one like the plague .
whenever he remembers.i am a great admirer of his and i sincerely hope
but conspicuously fails to walk the walk ,
prince of wales.he is so wonderfully unconcerned about everything going on around him
9/10 the creed family have just moved into the small town of ludlow .
the greatest performance would ever be zelda
it goes along with the movie wonderfully.9/10
the acting is terrible ,
it is so stupid
and some of the character are very annoying and whiny .
but not least the ending is terrible .
avoid at all cost ! ! ! !
this movie was beautiful .
; it was designed for a quick glimpse at a few highlight of one of the most amazing american and historical religious figure of all time .
the worst movie i have ever seen .
it is not funny .
daniel day lewis in my left foot gives us one of the best performance ever by an actor .
as the younger christy brown and ray mcanally is great as the father .
was a bit on the predictable side ,
but this pathetic excuse for a film is just one of the most shameless bid at commercialization i have ever heard of .
ridiculous !
even terrible movie are not waste of time
this is actually a waste of time .
it should be avoided at all cost .
and sleazy at times.the acting is great
and intelligent movie with plenty of nudity and gore.you can not go wrong with it.8/10 .
she perfected eleven year
a tacked-on ending is somewhat disappointing
of avoiding sentimantality .
this version is ridiculously politically correct .
the film lacks style ,
and mostly it lacks talent ,
tyne daly is not too bad .
to poor
it was utterly fantastic
despite this sometime tedious tendency ,
and struck a particularly strong chord.the film had a positive message ,
and was fun to watch .
fascinating ,
these moment occasionally appeared from among all of the great formula-driven schlock and gratuitous sex
so much fun to watch !
unfortunately suffering the blow of being condensed into a 96-minute movie .
the cgi animation is truly amazing in place ,
10/10 review
no matter how well meaning his `` message '' is - this film is a terribly made trainwreck -
awful acting
lame camera work - i do not know
he is lousy at it .
he is a bad actor -
predictable and sappy .
is one of the best part of the movie
the one bad point on the movie is the obvious cut between the actor talking ,
and the end product was more enjoyable than the musical
kris is so perfect for the film .
this was one of the best scene in the movie .
and they loved it to .
he is the only cast member to return and sadly ,
sadly ,
this was extremely poorly made .
sadly
without bruce he has a lame role in this movie .
will be disappointed to see
even the worst movie have at least one memorable bit .
this was a cheap way
other than the great cinematography by the marvelous jame wong howe in the battle scene ,
it was so lousy that i shut it off .
her battle message to the english troop is so lackluster in spirit.even a dashing laurence olivier can not save this utter piece of boredom.future wife vivien leigh is in a supporting role here
that history with the spanish armada is made out to be so boring in this film .
this movie is wonderful .
your heart makes is beautiful !
this movie is done so beautiful and smart !
but hey this is a great movie !
wood was terrific in this beautiful beautiful beautiful movie
a southern belle of a church goer has some bad experience
the best scene
getting photo of her in over-the-top pose and starring in ridiculous film of whip and chain and leather uniform .
as the man awakening from a terrible dream.the rudiment of classic film noir are all hit upon
it is the artistic study of film noir
not only feels like actual noir instead of a rashly penned appropriation ,
but i would consider it a waste of your time .
just go waste your time on something a little less horrible and watch `` kazaam ''
has done a great job with this movie !
the dane character finally let 's buddy have the awful truth .
sadly .
and doody avoided the `` silly woman out of her depth in the wilderness '' portrayal most of us probably expected
it is amazingly better than richard chamberlain 's awful pair of quatermain flicks.it is very reminiscent of a western in many way .
nice message
this film is the single most terrible
but i have confidence this is worse .
as being within ten foot of it will probably give you a bad headache .
who get a laugh out of really bad stuff
you will not be disappointed .
the plot was dull ,
but it just seemed to be filled with mediocre person .
there were literally no redeeming
excellent direction
highly recommended .
unfortunately
the film biggest weakness is it is unwillingness to commit to anything ;
chretien de troyes is spinning in his grave at this horrible adaptation
disrespectful treatment of a beautiful story .
that this is stupid ,
because it is getting worse.stuart arrife to his new home ,
jealousy from the elder `` other '' ,
boring and worn out as this is
but he only upgraded the clich\u00e9 from boring to abhorrent.then
and because of some funny gig ,
b. it had kept to the funny gig
and had left out boring clich\u00e9s
to clean up the hadley 's mess .
you 79 minute of your life.this is one of those cheap movie
this is just substandard junk.both priest and college student get a bad rap here .
and the college student come off even worse .
atlantis is probally the best disney movie
it has great action scene
that this year summer blockbuster season will be great.i recommend to you all
the lost empire is like a eath of inspiration.9/10
it was this stupid
the ending was wonderfully chosen
this film is the best living testament ,
as one of the best documentary film ever made.we must never forget .
`` bye bye birdie '' is not one of the best musical of all time ,
but it is great fun ,
the original film could have been wonderful
vanessa william is a perfect fit for rose .
their is also great work from tyne daly as mae and mark kudisch as conrad birdie
and george wendt is somewhat bland as her father
john hurt is great in this .
this is now one of my favorite comedy show .
david spade is funny ,
a very weak movie ,
mainly because of a poor story ,
but also poor acting in the case of robert downey jr.
when they arrive at her dilapidated shack in the poorer part of town ,
it is excruciatingly boring i would have rather sat through a seminar on creationism than have watched this if
it was going to be as boring
that this movie is `` unintentionally funny ''
not one thing is funny about this movie .
about stuff you would not understand nor care about and it is just as lame when the person start dying
but that should say something about how horrible it is .
worst movie ever.immediately after ejecting this filth from my dvd player i started scraping it against the cement in front of my house ,
how did such a terrible script manage
ridiculous
predictable and thoroughly unbelievable
but the material is so bad
it still qualifies as one of the all-time worst thriller i have seen in year .
amazingly bad ,
and not in a fun way .
avoid at all cost ,
i have never read a positive review of this sadly misunderstood drama about class division
( three theme most great romantic story or film have in common )
not exactly a time of great financial trouble in america
stella is among the working poor
alone and unloved ,
beautiful score
great set design
the messy apt .
wonderful and heartfelt performance by the whole cast
the plot is not that great
or was beowulf just that bad an aim ?
bad special effect .
do deny it.so the acting is bad ,
boring and
score/music is ultraboring ,
its a dull combination of the thing
outeak and some jerry bruckheimer/michael bay production gone really really bad .
no one.though i have seen far worse ,
the movie is also dull
this bargain basement lousy-cgied movie was apparently a failed series pilot .
which is a stupid idea )
the great caruso displays the unique talent of mario lanza .
he shows great acting capacity
that she is trying her best ,
have wonderful child
dan katzir has produced a wonderful film
i have been trying to track down this film just by googling bad phrase about `` teenager seduce and kill man in his house '' and such .
that some of these good actor were in such a horrible movie .
probably the dumbest ending of all time ,
( don messick and casey kasem are perfect as scooby and shaggy ) ,
however it is rather disappointing .
it gets annoying fast .
scrappy is somewhat more annoying than usual .
and the joke and the story line were in general lame and unoriginal ,
very little chasing monster or unmasking the baddy .
not as bad as shaggy and scooby doo :
but this show is disappointing .
4/10 for the animation
loved joan .
great performance .
great old movie drama .
beautiful woman ... .wealth ... .. greed ... ..murder ... .detective ... ... a trial ... ..the costume are very nice .
over all the drama is surprisingly addictive
plus the male cast are not bad on the eye too .
i give it a 9/10
so that to avoid incidence
trying to see their beloved iran defeat bahrain and qualify for the world cup ,
is wonderful .
richard thomas play a bad guy .
you must see him here at his best being bad !
and i actually enjoyed it then .
the acting was awful ,
the acting was awful at best .
but the execution was just poor .
braveheart was even worse though ,
to try and capture the essence of already tired and annoying stereotype .
that downloading nancy becomes nothing more than an exercise in poor taste and soft pornography .
who was none other than australian kickboxing 's favorite son
ajax and theo get into all sort of ridiculous situation
it is all pretty ridiculous ,
too bad the movie relies heavily on split-second appearance by former celeity .
and guy ritchie is the crime-film messiah ,
the funny thing was chopper just rapped for 30 second
this was not too bad ,
because this movie is just that damn bad .
spoiler this is a great film about a conure .
he learns a lot through his journey and meets up with a lot of other beautiful bird .
i had to see this gem twice to really appreciate all of it .
this is one of the best thriller
i give this film a 9/10 .
this film is a wonderfully simplistic work .
enjoyable from start to end it is both sad yet uplifting at the same time .
) and george del hoya are beautiful and yet almost painful to watch ,
an mgm musical.still good to look at and listen too with great tune and dance number -
which fails in pretty much every way
terrible script
lousy acting
laughable special effect ...
it is just an utterly awful movie .
so outrageously funny
while horrible ass banging and thudding sound are heard off screen .
he is opposed both by managemant and labor ,
superbly directed and edited .
there is an awful lot of comedy in this film
if this film is supposed to be so funny ,
i still had a lotta fun
that live feed is another pretty poor low budget shot on a camcorder type horror film
the script is pretty poor ,
the character 's were fairly poor clich\u00e9s
but it does look cheap
the editing is choppy and annoying ,
and the film has a cheap look about it .
the blood looks a little too watery for my liking and entire scene bathed in annoying neon light sometime makes it hard to tell what happening ,
it to often looks like it was shot on a hand-held camcorder and the choppy editing at least on the 'r ' rated version is at time an annoying mess .
the acting is poor ,
i did not think much of it with it is very weak predictable storyline lacking exposition
poor acting and less than impressive gore
just to have a very cheap laugh at the name `` woody '' but in truth
the script and dialogue is laughable .
the acting was awful ,
but anything before or after that seemed to be a paint by the number sort of movie.and talk about bad chemistry between the tow lovebird detective .
( imdb rating 3/10 )
it to be one of the worst slasher film out there .
this is by far not one of the worst out there ,
but not the worst nonetheless .
the night brings charlie is the worst .
just a bad one.the film was obviously intended not to be taken too seriously .
for a comedy it is amazingly bereft of even the slightest venture into the realms of humour - right up until the ridiculous `` twist '' ending ,
what an utter waste of time the whole movie actually is .
that you can stare at the screen in slack-jawed disbelief at how terrible it is .
it was a whole lotta fun .
sharon stone is great ,
even if her movie is horrible
i tip my hat to this movie8/10
or the philosophical message
you will waste your time .
and is still enjoyable by a large range of viewer ,
quickly switch gear with the a superb dysfunctional couple scene
has lost the husband she loved
blames thatcher for anything she can .
overall this show did not get the best viewing time
pulpy story and manage to create one of the undiscovered gem of 1950s cinema.richard widmark plays a petty thief tough guy
he perfected over the course of many movie ) ,
but more from a sense of indifference than bad writing or direction .
the maker missed a great chance
that are effectively dull and depressing to watch .
sometimes you really *can* have `` the best of both world . ''
madison is not too bad-\u0097if you like simplistic
prepare to be disappointed.professional film critic have commented at length on the formulaic nature of the film and its penchant for utilizing every hackneyed sport clich\u00e9 in the book .
what i felt was sadly missing was any sense of the real excitement of unlimited hydro racing in the `` glory year ''
it was wonderful to see the old classic boat roaring down the course six aeast ,
in one particularly ridiculous shot ,
even he could not make this movie enjoyable .
my student never made anything this bad ...
it is like watching your great grandmother flirting with a 15 year old boy ...
how he tricked mclaglen into getting a really bad hangover for the trial scene .
all the character are excellent
but of poor ireland during that tortured time .
the show became more about coping with the loss of a loved one ... i
losing a loved one ...
who provide great laugh ,
but the true gem is cj ...
is not a bad idea ; certainly ,
it lacks integrity .
which are both strained and insulting .
although most were bad guy .
which is not dumbing thing down with poor dialogue
and a weak plot ,
this universal/studio canal joint venture would not have such bad review .
that was out of place and annoying
to make the design look practical and functional .
defeating the sense of functionality and practicality .
many time with no sense of function
and he tends to avoid direct confrontation with international rescue .
if there is a great lack of realism.this scene
that it is not nearly as stupid as some other scene of the movie .
that this is a `` hidden gem '' .
and it is not a gem .
the earlier part of the film was rather enjoyable
his luzhin often resembled a bad rain man impression and the portrayal of the genius
as a semi-autistic man was annoying .
it was the perfect symbol of 70s cultural overindulgence and self-absorption ;
there is even an excellent vh1 documentary about the club
to spawn a very captivating film.sadly ,
sometime it captures perfectly the shallowness of the nightlife culture
but a lot of it is due to the kid-gloved treatment
is hamstrung here by the shallowness and stupidity of his character ;
the story follows the creed family moving into a beautiful maine house .
mary lambert does a great job
this is a good film and an excellent adaption .
non horror fan will want to avoid this .
i do not think about that wonderful tv series .
this was a surprisingly good early 40 's horror flick
with very surprisingly good sound and picture for a 67 year old public domain horror movie .
i actually enjoyed watching bela lugosi and his bizarre staff ,
i also enjoyed the plucky young female reporter ,
but still fun to watch .
even ridiculous and unbelievable for a movie .
the first two part of this saga of this transformation of michael corleone make for one of the greatest tragedy in cinematic history.then ,
he shows remorse for his previous action not through subtle behavior ,
this greatly corrupts the meaning of the first two films.the godfather part iii is a horrible mess of a film
and that the saga actually ends with michael 's shockingly horrible act
i felt awful watching this documentary ,
you are our heroes.10/10
nothing is a fantastic film
the excellent character development
and none are diminished because of their `` imperfection .
watch this wonderful family film
as it is perfect as-is .
some other viewer did not understand what is so beautiful and interesting in this movie .
of life.the art is beautiful
it is a great masterpiece .
this is arguably the worst film i
and i have quite an appetite for awful
which was really very funny .
manage to be funny while
that is so extremely bad
'worse than jaws 4'-kind of bad.i honestly think
that was worse than this ,
no way.the acting is beyond bad
and all the line are lousy clich\u00e9s .
this may not be the very worst movie peter seller ever did
a major motion picture would portray asian so insultingly ... or
the film seems surprisingly cheap
this film provides an eerie premonition of a great comic 's death
it is one of my favorite movie and i am not hindi at all
enjoyed it too so it surprises me
she is very beautiful and my favorite actress ever !
that is pretty ridiculous ,
as he has the bad taste
might be found in the bad old catholic church ,
worse still
sadly
best thing i ever did.the actor are beautifully suited to their character and ing them to delightful life
should this gem ever find its way to a dvd release ,
other great
envy has great performance by two actor
.this film was a dark comedy gem ,
there were a lot of great scene
-- all great stuff.i can not stand person
enjoyable gem.remember this person ;
i was amazed at how poor the whole thing was from start to finish .
instead we have the guard almost sympathetically dealing with him
its a bit lame not to stand by that view ,
this episode was beyond poor .
was poor .
the effect were dreadful-
it might have been better just to -not- show the monster at all rather than show the lame excuse for a monster
sitting through some really poor episode to find the good one .
a bland leading man .
and fails to show any basic start
this is a terrible production of bartleby
which is not as much fun
tedious and hilarious .
if an adaptation is handled poorly
this movie was very very mediocre and very very gory .
and totally forgot how to act i mean it was so bad
i loved this movie .
it has some of the greatest quote ever .
but it is still one of the greatest movie ever made .
sheryl lee is beautiful
he makes great job expressing the feeling from the book to the film .
this is certainly the worst movie i ever saw ?
the acting is somewhat not so bad..
the cast is perfectly selected
the one point i gave it.what made this movie an insult to the ain
and is certainly one of their best movie i have seen.a man
excellent.rating :
annoying
the plot lacks sophistication or credibility ,
the last episode was dull
dull
dull .
that this appallingly unfunny montage was not the acme of humour in the 70s or indeed in any other era !
it would still not get close to summing up just how mindless and drivel-ridden this waste of 75 minute is .
( and it could actually have been funny )
that they may have saved a genuinely funny skit for the end .
i missed ram laxman badly.it had no double entendre
everything was almost great .
that is why it lacks the emotional punch-the very purpose of this turn of event .
to transcend the movie from a beautiful pre-marital video to a 'feature film ' .
this was so lame
it was so weak ,
i do not really blame the actor ,
those line were intended to be funny.it
aside from the first boring twenty minute
but these are probably among the worst scene in the film ,
as they are badly executed .
the acting is about as bad
( it is pretty bad
the special effect are lousy
i somewhat enjoyed this film .
it definitely has a `` so bad
once i got past the ridiculously clich\u00e9d plot ,
terrible acting
particularly because the film is not that great to begin with and the ending makes the entire film pointless.bottom line ,
though not a complete waste
this film is pretty bad and not remotely scary.my grade :
and previous screenplay adaptation were great ,
listening to a speech impaired 90 year old drunk duck hunter with a right cranial lobe dysfunction
this movie is so horrible
putting across a illiant message -
which is such a positive message
and was excellent for the role .
sadly
seann william scott has always been funny-albiet stupid-to me .
and even enjoyed him in dude where is my car ? .
but the mtv movie award were simply horrible .
last year 's performance by jack black and sarah michelle gellar was extremly funny
kate and luke just went into their lame dialogue ,
and seann was completly wasted as a talent ,
( like in your best actor academy award speech )
simply because of the speech by gollam for best visual performance .
this one is in a battle with some of the most awful movie of all time .
sometimes movie are bad in a way
this was so bad i got angry .
what a waste .
looking for a fun movie .
her heroine is devastatingly beautiful ,
i regularly trail through dull short film
that has a simple and enlightened message ,
not to mention ridiculous amount of violence and disaster sequence
coupled with idiotic dialog and a lot of horrible acting .
is forced to endure a mounting body count and ridiculous amount of violent shoot em-ups plus earthquake disaster scene .
i mean these conspiracy movie are mostly drowning in the character pool of noir hero .
to build a movie about such un-visual bases.the next man is a perfect example of its time :
in fact you can tell how much it will be bad from the very first sequence piling up 'watcha that ' murder
directing at its worst
do not waste your time - otherwise ,
i loved the stewart granger/deborah kerr version - i have seen it dozens of time ,
and the supporting cast is superb .
and the score is perfect .
you will not be disappointed .
lee manage to get stabbed to death and fails
if i did not just watch chen kill innocent person throughout the whole awful movie .
the narrator was annoying .
the `` special effect '' were laughable .
this is extremely poorly observed .
guinness must have his worst acting performance ever .
the shocking back drop dog fight scene are laughable .
ealing made many great movie .
funny
its not funny
this was stupid funny movie.. cheech
and chong are the dopiest wasted guy ever ... i rate this film a 7..
there funnier and crazier .
has quite a bad rep and i knew
( the gracefully-aged star has pathetically asserted a number of time in interview
is not only terrible ,
of the film is the pointless elliptical editing \u0096
and the cheapjack special-effect at the climax !
in devising a stupid subtitle with a dual meaning !
the actor were incredible ,
but the writing was poor
if you do not watch this movie.3/10
there are usually some pretty funny comic
not because they are funny ,
tedious
boring
is the worst example of the kind of pretentious heavy handed art school dreck
you can not take your eye off of it until the ridiculous and absurd end .
( or best )
`` logan '' is a really annoying iconoclast film maker
and having what seem like really bad orgy .
either from his hamfisted overacting or the incredible awfulness of his painting .
all of course terrible nude of susanne .
its incredibly stupid .
and enjoyed it .
it did not really even come close to describing how bad thing actually were .
thank once again for the great comment
there are great scene with crispen glover
that it is indeed one of the worst movie of all time .
the film 's average rating is 1.9/10 .
best/worst gift ever ?
the camera angle were horrible .
the acting was terrible and i could not even bear to watch it.dennis raider never had long hair .
if you want a badly shot half-porno with some slaughter scene
the character are all wonderful person ,
the story lacks any tension
this is john water best film to date .
i enjoyed the film
i was impressed by the beautiful photography in this film ,
but even these were fascinating .
but they were excellent in their role
this is a perfect series for family viewing .
the soundtrack is absolutely fantastic with a john william 's feel
this is a gem to be enjoyed by all .
in helping the poor
not have portray the role of a bad `` guy '' .
so refreshing and educating .
segment was the best ,
this movie was one of the worst i
just terrible.in its most generous light ,
why other character in this movie found anything redeeming in her -
this is one of the worst film i
is it was so bad
and do the dumbest thing .
no where near as fun as any of romero 's work ,
and the dumbest part of all was they kept showing flash of the video game in the action sequence .
and the way the person die is so stupid .
definitely the worst film i have seen in year .
the bad as well as the good ,
this movie was bad .
the story was bad .
the acting was bad .
the always wonderful sissy spacek did nothing to make this movie better .
why did i waste my time and money on something
that i suspected would be bad ?
and therefore can not avoid what otherwise should be avoided .
i will not waste your time
do not waste your time ,
it is just stupid.my friend
but i can not say.at least this film had a redeeming quality :
`` this scene was redeeming ,
seriously odd even for a bad vietnamese speaker.an old poet with leprosy ... very doubtful
flawed but honest with a terrible honesty .
and they can still sing and play at a high level as this wonderful dvd concert disc shows us .
in shape and his drum playing was solid .
but his voice is great
this is just excellent material and performing from guy
the highlight of the concert for me.highly recommended .
and everyone is quite funny .
donald sutherland and john lithgow have great chemistry
this movie is the best film ever .
excellent dialogue
xu zhu was excellent as the king of mask .
zhigang zhao as liang sao lang was great .
here is a rare gem for those of you
all of which unfortunately bombed .
wallace step in and the fun begins .
some great fireball throwing in this flick ... eat your heart out ,
yet funny element
the movie was below mediocre .
she should have been the best of the group ,
but turned out the worst .
was pretty damn bad
more and more death occur.what is funny is
'' the more `` best buds '' vanish
you will have to rewind 3-4x to actually get the laughable and incoherent motive
but as a drinking game.this birthday gathering should be avoided .
it is a horrible and illogical first draft script \u0096 please ,
i loved horror film .
this awful movie did not wound me as a child .
the chesty irish priest was as lame as the love interest .
it is like a tedious exercise by someone
despite the beautiful photography ,
perfect metaphor for this film really .
the photography of skye is beautiful though
is another film about fairy story filmed in skye and beautifully photographed -
this should be a far more enjoyable film
- the entire event is dully paced
as she went on to confirm in kiss me stupid .
he comes out better from this mess
has no chemistry asides from being unintentionally funny due to poor production .
best skip this and watch the two original .
because it is bad.it is almost painfully tedious and unbelievable ,
they had just make him obnoxious .
obnoxious jerk is dying ?
maybe something great happens before the end ... .nope .
the matador is a funny and sometimes touching character study .
he is the perfect foil to julian ;
the writing is superb .
it looks cheap ,
it is a terrible story
and it is executed bad in every possible way .
it is so bad
it is funny .
i just found it an incredible waste of time and money .
not an altogether bad start for the program
the worst part of the series is that it attempts to bill itself as reality fare
poor editing
not great ,
but also not that bad either .
was catwomanly bad ,
i could not let my pun go to waste
unless you have a favorite sport team
and trying to avoid hearing the result .
that the farrelly other are known for then you could be disappointed .
solid entertainment
so i officially declare my plight greater than yours.the gist fan of jimmy fallon ,
but it will make a great matin\u00e9e.rating :
the best part is the swing number
but good fun for the young kid .
the humor in who 's your daddy is such poor taste
close up of seman are not funny !
john thaw is a an excellent actor .
the film is also excellent .
this movie really does great job
but this was still a great flick to watch .
and acting is great.one of the best movie
until they surpass hollywood adventure movie.just fantastic .
annoyingly overacted
and did not find it nearly as annoying .
for the worst movie of all time.seven friend
and the rest of the bad one-liner spouting gang all take turn revealing their biggest fear to the bearded dj .
if you have absolutely no regard for your loved one
rent `` american nightmare '' with them.if you care for your loved one --
10/10 .
you can call it awful
acted even worse and the direction
the special effect are funny
from the tribute i can assume it to be as bad .
should have given it 1/10 ,
the final pairing of nelson eddy and jeanette macdonald is basically a complete misfire.the script is weak
and has been presented badly.the film just has no life in it.eddy and macdonald would have been better off
but it was still enjoyable .
the best thing about this movie is the music
and dull.but the worst thing
or the lame direction
after staring at kristofferson 's and streisand 's awful 70 's hairdos for 2+ hour ,
noir .
otto preminger 's follow-up to `` laura '' is a film noir
dixon try to pin the blame on crime boss tommy scalese .
the beautiful morgan taylor .
in typical noir fashion
like most great noir
it is also wonderfully paced
it lacks the verbal wit of wilder
of what a noir should be ,
is likewise disappointing .
( noir cage )
but the set design fails to reinforce it .
7/10 - otto seems content to follow the hawksian mould of what a noir is
rather than toy with the possibility of where noir can go .
`` where the sidewalk ends '' is one of those well made second tier film noir .
but lacks that extra special magic .
as opposed to just concentrating on pointless action and special effect .
`` dick tracy '' is one of the best and most overlooked of the comic book movie genre .
infinitely better in piece action comedy is a real mess as a whole .
since there are some great action scene ,
a movie best summed up by the scene
by pulling some poor animal 's intestine out from under her t-shirt .
too terrible for word .
this movie is quite possibly one of the most horrible horror flick i have seen .
the foster parent died was just plain ridiculous .
but the directing is very poor .
basinger is weak -
i was not even disappointed ,
it lacks some really good actor of its era.it reminds me of a bad xerox copy of wonderful photograph.this is a complete waste of your time .
that it was a lot of fun .
it was a great experience .
i loved the writing and acting
the movie does a great job
it was the greatest movie ever .
how much fun it is !
so much fun ,
that the storyline of dtr is not near to the greatness of max payne ,
his best moment are the one i treasure in actor :
is the story ridiculous ?
and unfortunately the script does not give us an adequate reason
because it was the best story
by the entire cast is excellent
always fantastic ,
and it made me feel terrible about the choice .
what great movie should be .
the movie music has selection from one of the best living composer :
after watching this movie i was honestly disappointed -
story or directing - i was disappointed by this film advertisements.the trailer
and i bought the movie.the disappointment started
but even thought i found this movie really unchallenging and even a little bit boring .
this is a beautiful
and the old master must grapple with the conflict between his desire for a companion and heir and his and society 's traditional notions.the story is fun
sometimes quite subtle
the film also examines the good and bad of traditional chinese culture ,
that the ending weakens the film ,
after the best movie of fred olen ray 's career
but not nearly as fun as i had with it .
it was that bad .
i have seen much worse
but i have seen worse in my day .
4/10 .
and to make it worse ,
but he was annoying in this movie .
the storyline was stupid .
i am usually not this judgemental of movie ,
i laugh at anything stupid usually .
best of all
that the acting suck but it are not that bad
before there is actually anything happen solidly so be patience.recommendation :
7.5/10
why the jury took such a bad decision ,
but this one is excellent but not gay .
that this is one of the worst movie
at least `` plan 9 '' was enjoyable.i did really enjoy `` christine ''
.but this mess was a total mistake in every way possible .
the great opera singer should stick to singing ... ..not
that he is a terrible actor .
but after that it is nothing but a boring soap opera.appropriately
i momentarily paused on cheap seat
shoulder-shrugging bad .
but i have to give these moronic and boring twin credit
no one will now how awful it is and he/she can keep the $ 425,000 annual salary.you
this has got to be one of my very favorite twilight zone episode
it is an excellent one -
kinda fun
badly ...
almost annoying - definitely not faithful to the original character ...
as best i can tell ,
i loved cooper his insight through out
the show was just great .
he was by far my favorite character .
it was a great show i
my favorite number in the film however is tra-la-la
an american in paris was chosen best picture for 1951 ,
as well.still an american in paris is one of the best movie musical ever
so many fantasy movie safely avoided - a step to something new
and involve you more and more into the story.the actor are great -
michelle pfeiffer is the perfect witch ,
and claire dane a wonderful choice for the innocent and loving 'star '
everyone is trying to give his best for this movie .
unforgettablefor me this is the number one entertaining movie of 2007 ,
watch it and enjoy it11/10 - outstandingpeace
william is a great actor
i found guy kibbee not quite right as the lame-ained candidate
is bad for rock n ' roll
because it reminded me of one of my favorite 80s film
who enjoyed loving on tokyo time ,
this movie is poor .
that they waste the time
a definite 1/10
in this movie the performance of some of the actor is horrible
don\u00b4t waste your time !
the simple is the best ! i have learned something more about life from this movie
but the time u are together is really unforgettable .
as grateful and nice memory ... this movie might be cheap in the making price
but its meaning are totally not cheap .
i rarely can learn anything from movie ,
taylor has a great scene
the side story were completely ridiculous
and the boyfriend supposed to be funny ?
the movie managed to be completely predictable.the saddest thing
the visual and the score were very beautiful
that we grew up watching lot of good cop/bad cop hindi film
as best hindi feature film
and best actor- om puri and 3 filmfare award in best film
best director and best supporting actor category .
recommended to all who are interested in nostalgia of serious hindi film.ratings- 8/10
so beloved of straight to video film-maker .
poorly translated .
the acting is uniformly poor
and do not even get me started on that terrible 'twist ' ending .
but really no more than a mediocre actress.overall ,
this film comes off like a poorly written
flaccidly acted and shockingly directed attempt to copy 'the hitcher ' and 'spoorloos ' ,
but it fails at every turn due to a lack of talent
it was the best sniper rifle ever made .
any information would be great .
even worse
the worst script imaginable
but i certainly expect the last 30 min or so to not exactly enhance the already pathetic attempt in cinema ... thank god we have got a good looking lead to somewhat make us forget
i enjoyed the story by itself ,
govinda was excellent in the role of the cab driver
and how they eventually fall in love would have made it a much more enjoyable film.the
when it comes to comedy.juhi chawla and anil kapoor
were wasted needlessly .
anil kapoor would have got himself shot much
if jean renoir 's first film `` whirlpool of fate '' first takes us into the world of the countryside
and you have the seed of his great `` grand illusion '' and `` rule of the game . ''
this is beautifully filmed
making full use of the amazingly huge apartment and backstage area
and the acting though frequently overwrought offers some great moment as well
-- this and other gleaning of the ridiculousness of the idle rich help give the film the depth it has.far from his greatest achievement ,
seeing for renoir fan or those
in a rare feature of early seventy horror the technicality of the movie are virtually flawless
all the way to the superb direction
that dripped blood ' are the somewhat asinine plot-twist at the end of the first two segment and the predictable ending of the picture ,
he discovers a wax model of a beautiful woman
in this segment the viewer is given no more than very subtle clue as to the mystery of the wax woman
and while this is quite possibly the weakest of the four story ,
the greatest of the four segment \u0096 \u0091sweet to the sweet ' .
throughout the segment small and subtle clue are released about the truth behind the family ,
this is the best example
that made the entire film great .
accompanied by a wonderfully arranged soundtrack ,
and i would give this segment a rare 10/10.the film is ended with the story
he begin to fear the worst .
to wrap up a wonderful anthology .
what makes the story so enjoyable .
unfortunately
that could be classed as frightening in any sense and the predictable ending could have been executed better
but nonetheless the segment has its redeeming feature .
that dripped blood ' is one of the greatest horror anthology
that feature an incredible cast
great story and above par direction .
there are certainly worse way to spend one hundred minute of your life
and while blood and gut fan will be highly disappointed ,
that dripped blood ' \u0096 8/10 .
which is still a really great idea ,
but this movie 's actor are worst then ben 's performance in pearl harbor ,
the plot and script are also horrible ,
the poor attempt to frighten you
are worse then one used in 80 's sitcom show and in the end
you could not make the worst movie ever ' '' .
poor .
is not the least bit enjoyable .
this movie is a lot of fun .
what makes it great especially are two thing :
some with high expectation may have been disappointed ,
but this movie is a lot of fun
it was so bad at time
which made it a fun watch.if
you are looking for a low-grade slasher movie with a twist of psychological horror and a dash of campy ridiculousness ,
and have some fun.i agree with other comment
that the sound is very bad .
yes there are great performance here .
unfortunately
( bad )
that i wasted two hour of it watching this film .
that it would be as terrible
that this misplaced gem of the disco era was glory bound for the dumpster.the first foretelling of just how bad thing were to be was the narration at the beginning ,
from the opening scene with the poorly-done effect to the `` monster '' from another world and then the house
like reminiscing about 'how you won the big game ' over a cup of joe or an ice-cold bottle of refreshing coca-cola .
really bad .
dreck about three beautiful woman in california
boring
pointless
utterly stupid `` horror '' film .
bach and her two buddy are certainly beautiful
but the movie itself is dull dull dull !
the final `` revelation '' is laughably predictable
boring
pointless and unknown
( which i hear has not received a great adaptation to the screen ) .
that `` a message from charity '' was based on ,
and wisdom do a great deal .
is jonathan demme is in it somewhere with some guy with the stupid name of burr debenning ,
that were provoked from me were of the time wasted
as a platform for their political view - usually a very boring movie
fun
then you will like this little gem .
-- and that is not a bad thing .
but i loved it .
this director ings together a wonderful cast of everyday person
and gets a great ensemble-type performance .
a great film nevertheless .
that the girl is a lousy actor- i honestly do not .
she is given poor line .
while it is funny in the tv shows
when i sat down to watch this film.the movie was not that terrible ... initially .
to fight `` the great evil '' and save the world ?
as he had for her great-grandmother
wendy 's homecoming and this `` great battle '' are on exactly the same day .
the great evil comes out of wendy 's rival-for-homecoming 's body ,
article out.now ... it was bad enough
worst ... since when could she resurrect person ?
the worst part
you do not necessarily try to look for the bad ,
this movie has a lot of bad ,
but something funny happens
when you never really expect something to be all too great in the first place.so ,
( if you want to watch a great `` war '' movie )
that plain stupid !
this movie was god awful .
it was a bunch of gore and some poorly animated snake .
do not waste your time or money on this piece of over hyped trash .
that is funny and entertaining ,
the funniest movie of 98 with night at the roxbury right behind
there is something about mary was funny so
solid entertainment just look at his reviews.anyway see
it would be fun
it is fun to see jeffrey hunter
that everybody 's favorite vulcan spontaneously grins.in short ,
not just a great `` mystery '' episode ,
i am afraid the second season lacks the charm ,
the writing lacks the intelligence and comedic hint
unfortunately pp is not so .
i loved kate walsh 's presence in ga. i am afraid
he is one of my favorite actor
the script was so bad .
there was also a really annoying bloke at the beginning of the film
it was funny to watch
poor madsen .
but it is worth it for the message
that humanity may utilize technology.brilliant for it is time ,
this film is amazing -
the idea jump and the surrealistic dream ... really great !
will find this fantastic .
nuit noire contains almost no plot .
if the film had a really fascinating plot full of tension with a captivating denouement ,
i would give it a 10/10 .
i gave the movie an 8. nuit noire is a film worth watching .
alien and the quest for immortality.the woman are beautiful and the photography stunning .
its a laughable mess .
great to look at but as any semblance of a horror film or thriller purely awful .
and feature again two beautiful actress
featured in mulholland dr.beautiful .
that has had great influence not only on the buddy genre but action genre as well .
to a young boy this was a great film .
too late to lament lost innocence.hopefully this film will not be forgotten and a few
amazingly
and bug is trying to fly their saucer back to earth.i really enjoyed this
although the ending is a little weak
called the film pathetic
she portrayed maya pre and post assault with great ease
and the transition between the two is an act i rarely ever see done well .
whose life is dedicated to have fun in the different club
that way.parker posey makes an amazing mary .
that so many great character-actor would actually be in this !
when santo fails the mission ,
the cast is great ,
highly recommended to all action-lover !
then see that there are no attempt at cheap humor
is funny !
was the best part of the show.i have alway preferred kerry to bridget ,
were fun
without the hennessey dad.bridget seemed to get more annoying ,
which before seemed funnier
the granddad is funny
( especially when he is watching great escape )
he is funny in part
over all the newer one are not bad just missing excitement
but later one were about average at best .
it was some of the best tv drama
so i eagerly anticipated `` caprica '' and i was not disappointed.i was hoping
eric stolz and esai morale give solid performance ,
and alessandra was just wonderful .
thinking if not good it might be at least a bit dazzling and fun.wrong !
was charlie 's angel really that boring ?
as bad as movie of this type can be ,
but it was very bland ,
that is pretty much it.not awful .
not the worst of tv movie .
since unfortunately you are not black ,
and a great episode of justice .
set aside his emotion to his few loved one ,
-- -and a wonderful beginning of superman.in this episode
mayeda must battle all odd to survive and the secure the fate of his beloved japan . ''
awesome.the greatest thing about this movie is sho kosugi 's engrish accent .
awesome.2/10 - so very very cheesy .
since the little mermaid was one of my favorite disney movie
it is not funny ,
it is great for little one ,
this movie is fun for kid ,
so we should let them have fun .
lacks empathy and depth :
michael bennett loved his reading ,
is a terrible decision :
that the best sequence in the show
is cut drastically to make way for a terrible new song
that surprisingly received a nomination at the oscar .
cassie 's `` mirror dance '' has a new song and tragically boring choreography
they were going to mess with a working formula this much.for fan of musical theatre and those
who enjoyed the stage version ,
this movie is a sad mockery of everything they cherished and loved .
this movie is plain fun.i has nothing to do with the original america pie ,
but it is fun to watch.another try
and we had fun.you will not find any deep message in this movie ,
a laugh-track and boring humour.if you do not wish to look at the rest of this review
not only because it is unfunny
friend is as much to blame for reality tv
they react the same way in boring situation
of having perfect character :
is almost certainly the opposite of funny .
the humour is boring .
there is no way to make a perfect character
that would be great ,
that one or more of the central character does something stupid at some stage during the proceedings ,
extremely poor sound and no discernible plot/narrative ,
but it is great entertainment .
the action takes us from an indian raid on a cabin ; one of the best part of the movie with jean arthur excellent
the whole thing is ridiculous but great fun and entertaining from start to finish .
jean arthur is one of the best actress of this era
i have already seen him two other time and loved him every time
because he was so funny and a eath of fresh air .
this film also is great to watch
there are many other wonderful character actor along for the ride
they sure made the job easier for leading man and woman edmund lowe and virginia bruce.these great character actor are one of the big reason
while the mystery itself is rarely that terrific ,
vance is played wonderfully by lowe but ,
unfortunately
while not the best philo vance film ,
i have never seen a movie as bad as this .
it is meant to be a `` fun '' movie ,
and it is not funny .
a perfectly decent b-movie actor
it is patently awful ! !
( that is how forgettable this is )
and you have got one hell of a mess.as i mentioned
but then suddenly the car is perfect again .
a powerfully wonderful movie .
this would be an excellent picture .
the experience is rare .
quite the most boring nonsense i have seen in a long time .
and the acting was the worst i have seen in a long time.to make it worse ,
the incidental music was terrible
( maybe not a bad thing then ) ,
unfortunately
too bad this project did not get the necessary talent
when you come across a gem of a movie like this ,
why the '80 were the greatest decade to live thru .
it is definitely one great movie .
the bad thing is ,
and have enjoyed many sci-fi movie and tv show .
every episode i have sat through was like a lame
talking about something boring ,
the character are all forgettable one dimensional cutout ,
trying to be funny ,
it is just sad.the movie was terrible as well .
it was great !
unlike the great new `` battlestar galactica '' series
`` stargate '' copied the look and feel of the lame movie too closely !
cafe lumiere is a beautifully photographed nullity .
while not even approaching ozu in greatness ,
( a perfect blank page ) .
at their faces.there was a great spanish film by bardem
that would be a far better title to this pointless exercise .
the acting in this movie was superb .
a favorite actress of mine
it was an amazingly cheap movie
because at the least ending of this dreadful piece of mostly incoherent film-making
funny
even if only in its subtlety .
imagine how great the film could have been though
and i have enjoyed it every time .
but back in the 70 's it was great .
it was wonderful .
santa claus was amazing
it is a fun movie to watch .
it teaches child good vs. bad .
but the spanish is the best .
but it is a funny gag .
sadly it is a wasted opportunity .
that separate the good film from the illiant.elvira herself is always fun and engaging .
just do not expect too much.she is more than just a great set of boobs .
she is also an incredible pair of leg .
as being one of my favorite book as a child
the character are all enjoyable ,
and the film did not leave me disappointed .
she and i both really enjoyed the film
and had a wonderful time sharing the experience .
`` my summer story '' is basically a mishmash of mediocre
kiernan culkin is a poor substitute for ralphie ,
it is a very poor one and not worth most person 's time .
2/10 .
that can ruin even the best accusation case
and that can nourish the worst deepest imaginable thirst for vengeance .
is just as bad as to let circumstantial elemant ruin the work of the police or of justice .
the best intention on the police side are ruined by some personal involvemant and vengeful intention ,
and here the film show vengeance is the worst possible motivation in the rendition of justice and in the establishmant of public peace .
or you hate adam sandler or don cheadle.an excellent cast ,
then he did a couple bad movie ,
one of the best movie of 2007 .
i could go buy a cheap synthesizer
that is a big disappointment
i wasted $ 4 renting this ,
jame stewart is excellent
and this is one of the easiest/worst attempt at one .
this movie fails to do so.there is no sense
and they become nothing more than simple puppet serving the purpose of a very light narrative.the pacing of the movie can become annoying
which unfortunately often sounds mismatched.i can not believe
this a poor attempt at it .
but it is a bad one
clich\u00e9d and stupid.. and joyless
the poor child 's suffering ... enough
and insulting clockwork orange ripoff .
this is not the worst film i have ever seen ,
and looks quite grainy and bad .
i found it to be fairly boring and predictable
3/10 .
but voodoo academy still stands as the absolute worst film i have been able to track down .
no doubt the really bad one are not even available to buy or watch on tv ,
who picked badly.i
most of those stand head and shoulder above this ... excersize in absolute monotony.i like to rate truly bad film
even in how bad they are )
it is not that bad .
it is bad but could be a lot worse.it took 5 of us
and not even the usually fun moment of watching bad film
and was an utter gem .
it is not an excuse for how bad this baby is.spoilers ahead ...
but not overly amatuer ... i have seen a lot worse in better film ...
but somehow it is the semi competent delivery of some of the worst line you will ever hear in a film ,
you have a fascination with the worst of the worst ,
there is worse ...
highly enjoyable
and beautiful .
and some solid sentiment and humour as well .
stardust is a fun film
and has some fun performance from the like of claire dane as the star
playing the horrible witch to robert deniro
playing a nancy-boy air pirate to perfection .
( loved this whole thread as well ) .
peter o'toole play the dying killer daddy and watch for funny man ricky gervais
the mood of the film is captured perfectly by the camera-work
and ( lack of ) lighting.a great discourse .
sure it was funny at time .
even laugh out loud funny .
baby mama has some funny scene
but is predictable
and fails to have the heartwarming
mean girl is one of my favorite movie .
tina fey and amy poalher both did great in that
but this is not there best .
baby mama had a great
sigourney weaver and steve martin add to the cast greatness.another pregnancy movie has hit the cinema world .
after the great knocked up and juno ,
baby mama 's ending was unfunny and dull.baby mama was not the best comedy of the year
..4/10
and the pathetic joke had me cringing with shame for ever hiring
worth no more than 3 vote highly unrecommended for anyone not wanting to waste 2 hour of their life .
it is very bad ,
beowulf and the other dane seem like ridiculous viking
is so ridiculous ,
as well as the consequence of lying.the special effect are mighty terrible .
grendel and his mother hag are poorly conceived ,
this is not sci-fi 's worst film to date .
making it a guilty pleasure at best .
great movie
have to say one of my favorite movie of all time .
which is great .
still a good 7/10 for me .
were just awful by today 's standard .
many of them bear a strong similarity to home movie featuring obnoxious relative mugging for the camera .
my assumption is that all movie at this time must have been pretty bad ,
and really annoying them .
i can not understand why and the short consist of charlie wandering about the park annoying these person and some other later in the film .
but the film lacks coherence and just is not particularly funny
a typical poor effort
the cinematography was pretty bad
that is very bad considering
that still haunts me is that dreadful song `` i wish
the best part of this movie though
and end up chum for swarming hammerhead shark ... ..cut to weak back story
this was surely the stupidest
as in the fascination watching a horrible car accident
and even the notorious freddy got fingered i have found highly enjoyable on their own crude term .
with incredibly annoying performance from devon sawa and jason schwartzman
the joys of no-budget 50s sci-fi yet despite the odd gem like that
it is beyond cheap
and pretty dull with it ,
though it has a surprisingly altruistic message \u0096 the mute mole-man
great story and superb performance
but the message and concept this movie carries are absolutely superb .
( boring copy-cat )
could have been avoided
anu malik is worst musician around
i call this a perfect movie .
not one boring second
a fantastic cast of mostly little known actress and actor
a great array of character
perfect lighting
this sorry excuse for a film reminded me a great deal
were pathetic at best .
please do not insult the intelligence of the viewer by inserting into the film scene
these element seemed like the cheap device
am rather fond of.1/10 .
i am disappointed .
but blew it on over editing and bad directing- .
but it is really a poor excuse for a sexploitation flick .
( subtle name )
where to begin criticizing a film this bad .
( at best )
the direction by joseph brutsman is horrible with bad lighting
uninspired framing and poor actor direction .
great to see you
and so poorly simulated
that her perfect husband is a lecherous animal .
is that the best you can do ? '
god yes'.this movie is among the worst i
if this movie were any worse ,
this nonsensical mess makes ed wood look like hitchcock .
sowed with salt and reserved as a landfill for the most toxic of waste .
and it is also great to see role for big george eastman and michael berryman.added to this ,
- this simply is a really fun and lighthearted take on the genre
paperhouse is perfect in every exquisite detail
it is so rare to find a film
to overcome the dreadful feeling of isolation and loneliness
imaginative cinematography and the most beautiful and haunting soundtrack you are ever likely to hear
that are best remembered
but there were a number of smaller but nevertheless excellent production ,
and both give excellent performance .
and it is a great performance from him also ;
the second half of the film is the best
the invisible ray may not be one of the very best horror film of the thirty ;
and comes recommended .
unfortunately for the nostril picker
starts with some extremely dull shot of an american town somewhere
at first joe is visibly disappointed
the nostril picker is easily one of the worst film i
it is absolutely terrible in every possible way imaginable .
not only was it predictable
on a technical level the nostril picker is awful
bland and inappropriate music
forgettable location
poorly edited
some of the worst acting i have sat through and very unimpressive special effect
even at 76 odd minute the nostril picker is far to long and really boring to sit through .
long about how bad the nostril picker is ,
unique in it is awfulness and incompetence .
that it is still not the worst film i
definitely one to avoid .
but they are a community of person both good and bad ,
that she seems neither weak or dependent ,
where he received notice.personally my favorite in this film
sadly i can kind of identify with mostel in that last chase scene
panic in the street won an oscar for best original screenplay
when they really should in their own best interest .
you will love this version.if you love flamenco ,
you will love this version.the plot of the classic opera is played out in the actual rehearsal of the opera by a flamenco troupe .
the direction wonderful.if you like dancing ,
who has a bad case of writer 's block ,
for the greater part of the film
`` you did your best
corky himself is completely overplayed and lacks subtlety or credulity - all his strange mannerism come across
each scene is utterly predictable
are funny
and the comedy scene were not so predictable
a beautiful movie ,
who had his own personal reason for hunting down brady.a hauntingly beautiful film .
riget is wonderful .
of telling the story together with good music and great actor .
but unfortunately there is no 'the end ' .
mayble little bit stupid
great director finishes his trilogy after 10 year using puppet animation .
only the previous year he signed the superb under the volcano
that works perfectly for de niro
the best animated film ever made .
the music is wonderful
is perhaps one of my favorite song from any movie musical i
i mean a `` ha ha '' funny joke .
because the only redeeming thing
got at the sheer ridiculousness of nonsensical
inane plot and horrible acting .
beach and movie are my greatest passion ;
therefore i loved this little gem about a group of girl and their passion for soccer .
the dramatic and funny adventure of these iranian girl is one of the most delightful movie i
this film is awful .
the screenplay is bad ,
the is script mediocre ,
which is so disappointing after the beauty of the original film .
the acting was great ,
and there were some really great actor in it like
i recommend this movie and call it beautiful and delightful admitting
it is not perfect
that had nothing to do with perfection :
who shot the beautiful scenery in `` sideway ''
they are having fun
and the beautiful paz vega
she was great in `` spanglish '' )
and was surprised at how much i enjoyed viewing it again .
which are always fun on film ; a good story and a good scam .
this must be one of the worst movie
i was actually expecting a bad movie
all clich\u00e9e are included.the dialogue is so poorly written
why these type of bad movie keep on coming ,
was the best part for me !
with terrible writing
a great cast support stewart here
the comment made about the movie.as i read the awful opinion about the movie i actually wondered
the actress and director did a fantastic job in the movie.i had not had the pleasure
and i could not have been more set back by the incredible job
like it was the actress choice and her stupid choice .
opinion are what the are and its too bad
that all played great roles.busy philipps will be the highest paid actress someday
based on how much i enjoyed or was entertained by the movie ,
and i will probably not go back to it a second time.4/10
10/10 from an academic standpoint .
it was really beautiful seeing the fleeing woman running around on the screen from left to right and look around ,
was clearly devoted to showing the beautiful damsel in distress in various sexy way
but i had also enjoyed this animation as a child
as well.i give fire and ice 8/10 .
i especially enjoyed the built up to and the ending itself.its different
but enjoyable.ignore any bad review you may hear.watch it for yourself
and make judgement then
who loved chris baldry the soldier ,
in the child 's perfectly maintained bedroom- with kitty too in the novel
it actually was not half bad .
not too bad.another movie
i see and hear funny little thing
making strange fruit the best thing
that ever hit today 's music scene.unfortunately ,
to help him rekindle the flame of a dream long past.juliet gather up the bitter jimmy nail
who never let the flame burn out.as juliet search for the last member of their motley band ,
the spark fly as their memory flame forward ,
the pace of the movie is perfect and so much so
but still a great story ,
will smith should have been nominated for a best actor award .
and despite the great acting
that the message of the movie is all wrong .
bland .
to make an awsome show.. but best of all ...
so beautiful ,
who wrote great story .
( with beautiful cinematography and photography ) ,
and acted amazingly by brannagh and cast
is the greatest movie ever made .
is truly amazing ... . awe inspiring .
it was an event.even more amazing ,
one of the rare
either drinking or making bad joke .
the music is just awful ,
the humor is not funny and all the female character slutty idiot or total geek .
as the relationship between blaise and garvin was certainly always one of the fascinating aspect of the novel and the long running comic strip .
the other problem is that the film is quite simply incredibly boring
but one of my go to hardcore horror reviewer really found it to be disappointing .
the script was also poor ... .they had line
with a horror movie and with below average actor ... .the result are incredibly pathetic .
the line and scenario were all very predictable .
it was awful .
he was great.the movie is about 5 stupid dumbsh ! t tourist
but watching someone with a bad
case of diarrhea is probably more fun and intense to watch .
but unfortunately with a huge capital u ,
the movie was incredibly disappointing .
even after this disappointment i am willing to give ryan another shot .
because this was bad news .
it is the kind of `` semi-perfect english ''
and wong li-lin try her best ,
and is perhaps the best actress of the lot ,
i am a great fan of the batman comic and i became disappointed
and i was very disappointed.first of all ,
the animation is very poor .
it looks like a cheap
just about every modern-day cartoon is like that.the character design are even worse .
( which is funny
.the worst character design is that of the joker .
because his crime are so stupid and pointless .
batman is a fascinating and complex character
to find out their weak point like a detective would ,
but pointless fighting.what i hate
and turned them into stereotypical evil bad guy .
have an actual motive for their crime.the worst characterization is that of mr. freeze .
great origin .
the superb christopher nolan batman film .
it is that it lacks any sort of depth
this would be a great horror movie .
this is not the worst movie i have ever seen ,
poor audio quality
poor acting
and poor shot arrangement are some of the area
to make fun of ,
the best scene in the whole movie is when the lab team makes the gorilla visible again .
great special effect .
a really lame dirty joke and enough out of place swearing
instead of putting their infrared goggle on so
why the reviews of this film are so universally bad ,
this dolph lundgren vehicle is a fun die hard throwback action flick ,
sure the script is not going to win any oscar its good fun
and the rest of the cast are not the best actor
all in all detention is an enjoyable action flick ,
my all-time favorite movie .
the screenplay is perfect ,
it is josie lawrence 's best work by far ,
this is quite simply the best most comprehensive documentary series
unfortunately
`` whipped '' poke fun at relationship in a way
the performance of amanda peet and the rest of the cast were all rock solid ,
and really enjoyed .
timothy busfield 's character is without redeeming quality
this is a wonderful film
highly recommended .
drama to make me cry and one of the greatest dance scene to rival breakin 2 :
my grandmother loved it sooo much
and it still has the same message for today ,
i also enjoyed the music from the movie as well ,
the season finale sent mix message ,
best animated movie ever made .
the animation is superb ,
but it is an enjoyable thriller in a gangter genre
and if there are no sequel a great film in its own right .
but only with the help of the police this will come true ... a bloody 65-minute mess ... horny zombie
i have seen worst horror-flick ,
but this one was pretty bad too .
so i was disappointed
and shape it into something enjoyable .
`` girlfriend '' is an exercise in pointlessness .
like another great - christine lahti 's `` housekeeping ''
as well.davis is complemented by a great story
great jan adele .
amazingly
what a waste of time .
a piece of unfunny garbage .
only giving it 3/10
gets `` great performance '' out of a ton of ham in their debut .
it was just annoying .
i was seriously much more entertained by cleaning my finger nail than watching this mess .
we see a great deal of blood and bit of flesh bubbling to the water 's surface
it is fun seeing forsythe in a rare clean-cut hero role
beautiful exotic setting is quite a nice backdrop .
it is rare that i feel a need
because of how poorly it was created ,
also for the poor edit
it is a poor documentary and a poor film .
this movie is just truly awful
but trying to ram every issue into such a poorly
conceived film does little justice to any of these causes.the script is poor
to become a fully functioning one ,
( there is even a great bit midway through where ,
to do big or subtle scene with the actor .
( a great realistic counterpoint to the volatile lena ) ,
holds up beautifully as an artistic experiment in testing the water of what could be done in swedish cinema ,
is echoed in poorer usage in funny game ) ,
this gem for gore lover is extremely underrated .
it is pure delight and fun !
the story is weak
pickford and tourneur collaborated once more in the somewhat more accessible 'the poor little rich girl
beautifully realized and \u0096 surprise \u0096 pretty damn accurate !
flavium is a beautiful 14th century adolescent ,
its very funny and very dry .
and have yet not to enjoy it.the actor are funny
if you enjoyed `` moron from out of space ''
a great play on war of the world .
very funny .
both left a bad taste in my mouth .
-- some of the acting is truly epically bad
i also did not like how the daughter 's relationship with a black man was presented as a sign of her family 's perversion or predilection for bestiality .
could have been a foundation for a perverse but fun story ,
a lush fantasy world with quirky character and annoying 80 's music .
us british have actually made a great motorcycle film
this is up there with the best of british comedy .
this is phil daniel best screen performance ,
i loved gary stretch in shane meadow ' fantastic dead man shoe and here
( even my girlfriend loved it ) .
as it would spoil the fun ,
and have one of the best night in the cinema
this ranks as one of the worst movie i have seen in year .
the make up is so bad
the ending is a massive disappointment - along the line of `` and then
do not waste your time or your money .
the acting is horrible
the concept is great :
the movie has nearly no funny scene .
that wrote the new law for fun ,
that this was how person talked in general danish society.3/10 .
this is one of the worst movie i have seen this year .
they become great friend .
bad drag .
now its all regurgitated spin-off with predictable character and plots.thankfully ,
a great film
were nominated for best picture that year
and this was ignored completely except for one nomination for best screenplay .
that i really enjoyed this film ,
she was funny
it has to be one of the weakest plot i
it borders on the ink of tedious .
it staggers along to a dreadful conclusion
story had a unique and interesting arrangement .
the absence of violence and sex was refreshing .
very enjoyable movie .
it was one of the worst
most poorly executed
and poorly acted movie i have ever seen .
the worst part was that
it was not even bad in a good
just plain terrible - i could not figure out why they even bothered to show it on hbo .
belushi was ridiculously silly - very unbelievable as an `` eccentric '' hit man .
it is fascinating to see how a movie can go wrong
and what makes it bad .
die by the sword ... '' ridiculous .
it was awful !
how it was going to end especially with all the shot of the chef 's wife and the rape of the first girl.the worst part was the qanda with the director/writer and writer/producer
and do drugs.do not waste your time .
but what makes it really bad
but her performance in this movie is bad.her delivery is robotic .
that bad at acting was given a lead role in a movie .
but the end was disappointing as well .
it has great graphic
one of my all time favorite game
that do not match the message of the movie .
the funniest is
that the director has chosen to make the film with bad camera angle .
but i have never heard of hunting with poor camera angle ;
and it is not truly a horrible movie ,
that were a little mediocre and confusing ,
that the entire movie was horrible .
out.the actor did a great job ,
what a disappointment .
the plot lacks considerably :
that is fantastic !
just for summer fun .
just for fun .
it turns into a pathos-laden mess
with occasional `` funny '' bit interjected
leslie ann warren is nothing short of wasted .
the worst part is this movie 's musical number ,
they did not care very much.the greatest cartoon was rocko 's modern life
streisand 's beautiful rendition of the oscar winning song 'evergreen ' .
i enjoyed watching cliffhanger
silvestar stallone is a great actor and i think
unfortunately there is a bit too much story
unfortunately
it is refreshing
unfortunately
in my mind the best of the ealing comedy and one of my favourite film of all time .
the theme of worker v. management
i am always astonished by the wonderful direction in these film as well .
alec guinness gives a fantastically understated performance
such an insular character could quickly have become boring or irritating
with a great plot
great cast
to see this god awful movie with me .
after this one.fan of shock and gore will most likely be disappointed by this movie ,
who will get a kick out of this movie.4/10
big bad wipe from scene to scene
and plain old bad acting sink this film .
even duchovny is not immune to the bad acting plague
avoid at all cost .
this movie was the most horrible movie
and what is worse is the fact
but i found the acting terrible !
her performance was wonderful .
it made me remember one of the worst one and a half hour of my life !
this was the worst
there is no excuse for such bad acting .
the set and costume were great.the sound track was typical `` asian-style '' music ,
and sang that beautiful song ,
line delivered like a bad junior high play .
( unfortunately
seeing through their cheap halloween mask .
fits so poorly
and they are led by one of the most boring villain ever
( great name ! )
are simply annoying.even the established comic book `` regular ''
the interior those of a cheap roadside motel .
one should not be fooled by the excellent illustration on the box .
i grew up with this as my all-time favorite film .
the special effect are incredible for the era ,
it is simply a great
who is cinema history 's best .
it was poor at best .
the plot is actually not the worst i have seen ,
the acting is not the worst i have seen either ...
that it was the worst i
the gruesome moment were not too poorly done ,
twist ending was pretty bad ,
without exposing much.i would recommend avoiding this movie.1/10
that the zombie are rendered harmless and used as cheap labour .
unfortunately
and still manage to keep their beloved fido.a film
the film manage to ing out the worst
one of the best dark comedy i have ever seen
one of the best film
and the best zom-com since the incredible `` shaun of the dead '' .
and security.it is also probably the best film
the stunt-work is nothing short of amazing.the pacing is just incredible .
and showcases the pacific northwest beautifully.the cinematography is great .
the image are crisp and beautiful .
it just lacks a heart .
wonderfully strange man one day and harris caught him on tape ,
too bad it ended in tragedy for the young man ,
its more like a really really really bad documentary .
not only the story is bad ,
the movie is totally predictable - from the corrupt owner and planner
because his partner got badly hurt in a shoot-out .
but who are extremely annoying little at .
it was fairly boring .
mike myer on the other hand gets his laughs by being annoying .
this film was horrible -
the gag were horrible !
the plot was messy
messy
messy !
but unfortunately they can not save this film.poor dr seuss -
messy way ! !
! 1/10
but is it considerably worse
but for all the wrong reasons.it is a poorly acted
massively uninteresting and ultimately dull excursion
that fails at everything its designed to do .
and i am not even going to mention how bad the plot is .
has survived a terrible tragedy ,
when she is forced to confront her greatest fear ?
avoid at all cost .
it is even a disappointment to those
this is one of the greatest sport movie
what a wonderful story about one of the great sport figure of american history .
all the performance were excellent .
alexis smith was beautiful .
ward bond 's portrayal of john l. sullivan has to be one of the great portrayal of an actual sport figure in the history of movie and the boxing scene are realistic
that coupled with a great script
what a waste .
that it is at least worth a rent for some cool death and laughable acting .
it could be called so-bad-it is-good.as i said ,
the acting is awful ,
beautiful
it is a rare experience
awful
simply awful .
this is supposed to be great tv
1/10
the weaker the show is .
save for one inexcusable disregard for the 180 degree rule and a comically bad gunshot effect
that seems to be the calling card for self funded projects.still ,
is unfortunately let down however is the sound .
which often sound insincere and worse still is the continuous background music ,
this is an incredible comeback from movie director mastermind
which weredeplicted with superb style .
not only is the action superb
there can be one weakness
`` cq '' tells a lame
disjointed mess of a story
trying to make a stupid sci-fi flick .
anyone would want to spend time with this ridiculous attempt at film making .
to make one of the funniest movie
that fit perfectly with this script .
while still lacking in the superbly polished ensemble of comedy/drama
for being a great date movie
along with a solid message and soft spiritual cynicism and parody
made a grim but somewhat oddly different sequel with some visual style and funny moment for this horror/fantasy/thriller .
but surprisingly enjoyable spin-off horror film `` freddy vs jason '' .
the kid i took to this movie loved it
it was refreshing to see a girl
also enjoyed seeing a supporting cast
because this film was so great .
the pacing and mann 's direction are excellent .
that poor son ... please nbc
clive barker 's undying is by far the best horror game
to beat in my book as the best horror title .
but alas poor pc sale nipped
i do not blame ron leibman
he also says one of my favorite line :
eva as a ghost is pretty funny .
i blame the director not using the premise
to make a bad film
that reflected how stupid humanity could become ,
that lie in hidden message of the scripture
just how stupid does this writer believe person to actually be ?
casper van dien wasted his talent doing this film .
but it was still awful .
sometimes subtle dialog and hidden literate touch found throughout .
the visual style is very flat and dull ,
4/10 .
this movie focuses purely on watching the budding of a beautiful romance .
every conversation between these too is greatly intriguing .
ruth gordon at her best .
this episode is my favorite of the whole columbo series .
and two superb actor all meld together to make one very fine piece of film .
shared about remembering this movie and wanting so badly to see it again
it was on the vhs version of wonderful world of disney 's `` call it courage ''
it is a wonderful story about the love of a boy
what a wonderful era this was .
so it is easy to understand message ,
and this is one more great dimension of this kind of movie ,
which in present time are rare .
that was awful ! ! !
and if you like a dose of schlock horror then this is the film for you ... .3/10
a really great sit-com
and his kid from going down the wrong path in life.esther rolle was a wonderful no non-sense mother figure
all my favorite episode are with john amo ,
it that makes this a great film .
unfortunately .
id never seen anything as bad
ben and arthur has beaten both.this out of the many countless amount of movie i have seen is the number one worst film on the i ever saw .
bad
bad character
horrible acting
horrible story there is a reason nobody
sam was a horrible annoying actor
but his directing was so bad
he may just overthrow ed wood.the director should be ashamed of his work unfortunately i have to give it at least 1 star
not that no-budget film are bad ,
the result are always poor .
it is all so dull ,
not surprisingly ,
pointless
1/10 .
it felt really crammed in with too many effect and bad acting.a wrinkle in time is about a girl
the acting is awful ,
the direction is laughable ,
made a great book
and a terrible film .
the acting is worse than any straight-to-video acting .
but sadly i can only give it 1. a half
this game is one of the best rpg .
it is remarkable that animation effect are just incredible
music is not the best game muse i have heard ,
but it is perfect for a game like this .
i enjoyed this movie
this is the perfect example of a very s**t movie
the film 's touch of the occult make this one of the best horror parody ever made .
it is a bad movie .
that were supposed to be funny
came off more annoying than amusing .
the blind girl ... not funny .
the only funny character were delore
it is so easy to take cheap shot .
-- adrian pasdar does a superb job
an unsubtle comedy using overt joke and gag
the best i can say
and is always a fan favorite
he is the poor man 's jack nicholson ) .
as bad as it is ,
of uwe boll 's work.the concept of the military tracking and killing vampire in space is not necessarily a bad idea ,
worst of all
( unlike the much more subtle reference in jame gunn 's `` slither ''
and want to see average actor with poor costume fight vampire in space
many modern movie were worse -
the movie has excellent acting ,
even though dylan mcdemorant looks more than a bit out of place in his biker-esque personia and goatee'ed bad boy personality.the soundtrack was also awesome - a fantastic mix of 70 's b-side rock and obscure pop ,
that make this the best at this point ,
his look was a great cross between horrific and comedic goof-ball .
what could have been a very funny or touching film
very disappointing .
while angie dickinson is basically a bored rich woman with a bad hairdo .
without the fun or class of the longer original.michael caine enhanced his reputation
( both were nominated for best actor oscar ,
overacted close-up can help law overcome his dull screen persona .
and the olivier/caine film would do well to regard this enterprise as a bad dream .
but loved `` a bug 's life '' .
that the ending credit were the funniest !
i have never seen such terrible performance in all my life.everyone in the entire film was absolute rubbish.not one decent actor/actress in the whole film ,
he seems to be one of the rare case in st
the entire cast does an excellent job with the script.but
it is now fashionable to blame the british for setting hindu and muslim against each other ,
but also truly loved her ,
that is without great pain for her.this film carries the message
jean pierre l\u00e9aud is one of the greatest french actor .
some funny some sad .
i kept watching wanting to how how it tied together.unfortunately i feel
this is simply the funniest movie i have ever seen .
it incorporates perfectly-timed slapstick
this movie was like a bad indie with a-list talent .
the worst thing was the underwater scene 's held off of the dock .
i would avoid this ,
( best director .
as wild-hearted jessie burns.the film won an academy award for best cinematopghaphy in 1993 .
i thoroughly enjoyed this film overall ,
sam raimi 's perfect comic timing and performance as the camp handy
alan arkin 's wonderful characterisation of the camp owner
and best of all
the beautiful golden tone of the exterior scene draws me into the film
who has his best role here
jessica lange is excellent as his wife mary .
mary is such a beautiful woman .
tim roth as the evil cunningham is perfect ;
the scotland scenery is beautiful .
really bad .
alone funny
i like comedy as much as the next man and i loved `` a christmas story . ''
who enjoyed `` a christmas story . ''
it is that bad .
1/10 .
( usually messing up classic character )
simply the best estonian film
( perhaps the best
history is made at night was just a weird mess .
just dull .
it was a wonderful movie
the cast was wonderfully chosen
the movie was very funny and well written
the movie is much funnier than the santa claus and christmas with the krank .
even the cinematography is excellent given the urban setting ,
the directing also is excellent
because seeing it for yourself is the best answer ,
and they all loved it too .
this is a great example of a rather simple film noir story
-- thank to excellent direction by otto preminger as well as some lovely acting performance .
-- though instead an innocent man is ultimately blamed for the crime.there is a lot more to the film than this --
-- with great gritty dialog
superb lighting and a simple yet very effective story .
noir was meant to be .
it was a bit much to blame all of the lohan 's character 's acting-out
to make a film straddling the prequel and the `` real '' star war trilogy would tax even a great film-maker ... .mr lucas is not that film-maker.to portray the fall of a good man into darkness needs a good actor ... mr christensen is not that actor.the first 60-80 minute are overwhelmingly boring with only a few pocket of yet more light sae fight
and about the best idea is to have jar jar bink silent !
and has one great
is just ... listless.avoid
but it was just so badly done !
flaccid and ridiculous
poorly written
it is cheaply made .
the gore is laughable .
the score by a then unknown christopher young is very creepy and accents the violence perfectly .
the ending is a welcomed eak from the predictable upbeat
the setting is great .
i only have myself to blame for the gigantic disillusion
`` entrail of a virgin '' simply presents a hodgepodge of un-arousing semi-pornographic sex and truly poor gore-effect
and eventually fall victim to a ridiculous sex-demon
the dialog inane and primitive and komizu 's direction is weak and uninspired .
one to avoid and maybe even boycott .
many child and land are the best thing for man to have .
which is definitely the worst in the movie .
the video production quality were not too bad ,
i give it 2/10 ,
person are not born bad .
avoid this movie like the plague .
you have better thing to do with your time than waste
one funny part has gussie schnappmann
the best thing about the movie are the small thing
possibly the greatest thing about 'lost ' is the fact
this show is a superb combination of drama
this movie is pretty lame .
it is not that it is really bad or something ;
it is just very boring .
it is all pretty ridiculous.of course ,
and the best part : ant crawling on person 's faces
is an annoying itch .
is excellent .
to lead into the next interminable sequence of dull clip ... ok ,
what a waste of time.i am not sure how this got made
and the worst and worst :
but was bad ,
really bad !
a `` do not know how to do '' sex-in-the-city.do not waste your time or money .
great documentary !
! 9/10
obnoxious
it is not as bad
but it is just as bad.it reminds me of a skit from the 90 's show `` in living color ''
but how the obnoxious mother kept butting in .
there is no bad guy
,cute and funny.i found this film
jeremy sumpter does an excellent job as a teenager with a passion for baseball ,
george c. scott is absolutely amazing and totally believable as scrooge .
it is fun to watch the old tape with the original ibm commercial ...
amazing how thing have changed ! )
to aim for the heroic in life at the risk of looking ridiculous ;
it is the misfired spark of nobility igniting in the weak and the ordinary ,
and it is wonderful to see it glow so high and ight here .
but whatever kind of a mess it is is the kind of mess i love .
and whether it is wheedling his way into the affection of the waitress at his favorite hangout
it always fun to watch .
i have ever seen funnier exchange between a daughter and father
and the funny part about this role is that it feels like a screwball reprise of emily watson 's spellbinding talk with god in `` breaking the wave . ''
greg kinnear as captain amazing and ricky jay as his publicist ; kel mitchell as `` invisible boy '' ; paul reubens as `` the spleen ; ''
often flamenco
seeing this very beautiful film sharpen my complaint
i am thinking here particularly of his flamenco version of `` carman
satellite channel u.k. gold promoted repeat of 'man behaving badly ' with the hype :
good-natured fun .
i loved the whole series ,
it ended badly .
but 6 and particularly 6b were beautiful permutation on the theme
utterly perfect .
the best tv ever .
sinatra is awful and 2 )
the dance sequence with jerry mouse is one of the most entertaining and amazing dance sequence
tom and jerry is still a personal favorite of mine and my daughter 's .
he is still a favorite of many child and adult today .
his eye full of fun and excitement .
one of the best dancer of the 20th century .
i would also list gene kelly as one of the most beautiful person of the 20th century .
you will not be disappointed .
surprisingly
but i have to give it 7/10 star based on its thoughtfulness and yes
he lacks education ,
that has been rarely rivaled by any political movie
so what message does lee send here ?
also the film is funny is several part .
i would give the film an 8/10 .
but i enjoyed it for the beauty of the landscape photography and the fascinating wildlife footage .
though it is still very beautiful .
the wildlife footage is still fascinating .
it is a beautiful film to watch ,
you should find this fascinating .
of becoming that lizard is a great joy .
it really is so bad
that i have read for this point up how stupid
and ridiculous the last five minute of this movie are .
some obnoxious kid is seen with a little pet lizard
has to be the best thing about it .
there is nothing more awful to put in your vcr than an hour and a half long image of the melting man .
( `` it is incredible !
why so many person on this site have enjoyed this:1.
called fiver in an unsuspecting warren warn of terrible danger
the police chief is not a subtle man
sudden impact is not the greatest dirty harry
again not the best not the worst but the one with the most remembered line .
this film deserves another bad review .
it is not bad acting .
a study in bad .
bad acting
bad music
bad screenplay
bad editing
bad direction and a bad idea .
piece of schlock do not come any cheesier or unintentionally funnier than this ... thing .
poor malcolm mcdowell
avoid this
avoid .
and disappointed at some of the very negative comment this film seems to provoke .
i think its a great horror/sci fi film .
which for the most part are excellent ,
and the fact their all prosthetic effect and no rubbish horrible cgi makes them even better .
we get some nice long lingering close up shot of the incredible melting man
music and direction are a little bit dull
the worst bit of the film is near the start
it looks and sounds totally ridiculous !
the storyline was dumb and predictable .
the joke were not funny .
why i am commenting this stupid reality-show i happened
and before that she `` starred '' this horrible show about her everyday life with him ,
maybe even less than what you would expect for a straight-to-video cheapie like this .
unfortunately
it gets all the best scenes.if you like a movie
scoop *** out of **** woody allen is definitely not my favorite director ,
but i enjoyed `` match point . ''
it was an excellent dark romantic thriller
it did have the beautiful scarlett johansson in it .
it is ok. it also features scarlett johansson and the two of them work perfect together.johansson play sondra pransky
johansson and allen work great together .
allen 's humor fit perfect for this story and role .
the `` suspected '' serial killer.this is a fun little movie
wow this was a great italian `` zombie '' movie by two great director 's luci fulci
so the great bruno took over and it turned out surprisingly better than i expected it to turn out so if you have seen `` hell of the living dead ''
you must watch it has great `` zombie '' make-up witch equal great looking `` zombie '' has a funny `` zombie '' flying head ! and `` zombie '' bird
if you like italian `` zombie '' movie or just `` zombie '' movie 's in general than check this one out its a great italian `` zombie '' movie !
but it might be too dull
but just fails to make you smile .
it is a lot of fun.because _a guy thing_ knows
what _a guy thing_ does is fill the screen with the best
best in show ) ,
and still frame the piece with an energy and a joy rarely seen in romantic comedy these days.and
and the subtle smile ,
and then comes through with a great deal of heart.a guy thing is a movie
it also even manages to poke fun at the rather traditional structural notion of sex and gender
i nominate this and babylon 5 as the best television sci-fi series made .
and saw this to an even greater extent with sg-1 .
but these were very few and far between and were also usually pretty funny.and speaking of funny ,
i loved
and was not so dreadfully serious .
i actually enjoyed it more than babylon 5. jack o'neill was a great character with his sarcasm and love of homer simpson
-- it is really too bad
he is wonderful ,
is enjoyable
unfortunately
with absolutely beautiful vocal ,
to be entertaining and fun .
this star-studded british/spanish co-production looks great ,
so badly
as badly from pan and scan as this one ,
the location is great
but also in making a wonderful movie
in a beautiful
... .. and antwerp.the soundtrack of the movie is also excellent
other time we hear funky pop/rock-melody
it out ... all in all a beautiful sunny movie
which lifts the belgian cinema up.8/10 !
making her even more beautiful ;
that carries the perfume from that beautiful girl
shot has the funeral home owner in a straight jacket and screaming ,
amazingly
there is a great gaffe
this was a wonderfully clever and entertaining movie
she is beautiful and a gift to any kind of production
she is a superb actress and a pleasure to watch as each transformation of her character comes to life .
how wonderful to see old favorite like leslie caron
the fiction of the story is not of great interest ,
captain salgueiro maium remains one of the greatest hero of the 25th of april revolution.all
and even the smallest role are played wonderfully .
lisbon looks beautiful as ever .
this movie is boring
obnoxiously mind-numbing
that mr. dreyfuss was perfect for his role as the actor and the dictator .
played his role equally as perfect .
i gave this film a 7/10 .
and is certainly the worst brazilian movie
tragic and dark story is actually a black humor comedy of bad taste .
the screenplay is not funny
with stupid line and dialog
and boring
the acting is terrible ,
and i was disappointed with presence of the promising caio blat in this trash .
the sound is awful
and used to promote this mediocre movie in a very poor marketing of sex-exploitation .
( awful )
bad since dawson and lugacy are so earnest about it in the dvd comment .
it is not a bad movie exactly ,
it ends up being a fairly bland movie overall
one of the best thing this film has going for it is a unique perspective between the indie music scene
and the larger corporate scene.recommended mostly for the music and the two fantastic band .
in the sequel to the illiant bill and ted 's excellent adventure
in order to change the future.in a great comedy pairing
bogus journey still has the great catchphrase and dialogue from the leading pair ,
the best moment in the entire film
but one of many great technique
this gives the film great dimension and another lovable feature .
of that amazing time travelling machine
i was very disappointed by this film for a few reason .
its kinda funny and the production value does not seem half bad .
unfortunately i do not think the maker of this film relies
the rest of the movie is nothing but cheesy predictable situation
oh man i almost forgot the most ridiculous thing about the movie .
but i have seen much worse come out of dr
was a bad made-for-t.v .
best to avoid at all cost !
this is the worst movie i have ever seen ,
it is one redeeming quality is the beautiful tango dancing ,
this movie has beautiful scenery .
unfortunately it has no plot .
it spent two hour painting a beautiful scene
but fails to pay attention to the fundamental of story telling.if
the scarecrow was on of the funniest killer i
also he had an excellent voice i
mean it was just perfect for him .
the story line was excellent too .
which was great the stare he
got were funny !
those person were stupid ,
mary lambert does a great job with this film and manage to ing across king 's creepy story pretty well .
but it fails miserably .
there is no subtlety and
that word like `` butt '' are inherently hysterically funny .
and not waste their time .
but seriously this is a horrible movie .
that the musical editing is horrible ,
this movie was horrible ... pretentious ,
had an undeniably bad script ,
unfortunately
would be best for rating .
that has developed into one of the poorest story line
worst acting
tara 's angry black woman characterization fails to connect
despite year of working with her and avoiding any such relationship.as for bill the vampire ,
but greatly desiring to become accepted by a public
as happy meal with legs.despite my best effort of suffering through the first six episode ,
that no matter how long you watch a bad show ,
its still bad .
it was boring
and the funny part were too far in between
this movie is just kinda dull ,
and not that funny either .
4/10 star is it.jay addison
the animation is not the best ,
and cheaply
than the old type of style done quickly and cheaply
shaggy has always been my favorite character ,
but in the mean time this show is a fun deviation from the standard .
shaggy and scooby are still funny ,
to be pure cheese and unintentionally hilarious at best ,
billy west was the best
while not a great cartoon in the scope of all of cartoon history ,
that my list of favorite movie maker is :
this is one of the best bond game i have ever played
the mission are very very fun to play
that makes it even more fun the weapon
the driving mission are fun to do .
unfortunately the movie was rather short
the excellent story makes up for it .
the actress were great .
a 10/10 movie for me .
but it has such a great actress portraying a rarely-seen role in a minimal budget movie .
great work .
studying his colleagues.one of them catches his attention : tisserand-jos\u00e9 garcia plays the most demeaning part of the decade-.then tisserand will become some kind of prey : all his pessimism will rub off on this poor man.the scene is the night-club climaxe the strange relationship :
one of the greatest movie i have ever -
ever seen.absolutely loved it !
incredible.i wish
jeremy northram was the perfect geeky guy .
this movie appeal to me who loved war game
and track down.incredible ! 8-22-06 .
book and candle was one of the great pop culture phenomena of the mid-twentieth century
worst witch and harry potter.what i rarely see noted
actually embodies a great deal of xmas spirit
a great cast
this film is so bad
the filming is grade school material at best ,
the acting is pathetic
so bad it can not even be watched as comedy such something along the line of showgirls .
and do not waste your time or your money on this piece of garbage .
-horrible acting -bad camera work -music
- bad performance ,
bad acting and instantly dislikeable character -
i guess.watching this film left a bad taste in the mouth
the background scenery is beautiful.i think
it was very boring ,
the best part was the credit at the beginning -
the plot is ridiculous no one
except the most ardent fan of bad horror will get anything out of it .
this was by far the worst film at the edinburgh festival
but i genuinely can not find a redeeming feature of this film except for perhaps
in short this film is best watched on a cocktail of class a drug .
mediocre acting
the acting is mediocre .
is truly superb here .
that was perfect in marriage and motherhood at all .
great script .
it lacks also a very important issue :
there is one good thing about this poor man 's pok\u00e9mon
unfortunately there was need to add some sort of show after the opening theme .
unfortunately i can not imagine
`` my uber-fantastical doomsday creature of ultimate doom will take your measly pyramid diamond animal in a single strike !
which eradicates every single one of your power muncher and render your uber-fantastical doomsday creature of ultimate doom 's destroy beyond all significance attack useless !
`` plain talky and boring '' .
it is unintentionally funny ,
but not funny enough to be worth seeing .
but this movie is awful .
it is the worst film i have seen in a long time
however it was written in a funny style and a huge success after his appearance as jury member of the german version of `` american idol '' -
especially his unforgettable comments.this should be the end of the story - really .
somebody must have come up with the terrible idea
i have rarely seen a movie
which tries so desperately to be funny
and fails so completely .
predictable and lengthy gag destroy any motivation
that it was considered to bad for a cinema release .
when the current season of dsds turned out to be a mediocre success .
finally arrived in television - unfortunately.watching this movie is a waste of time -
there are certainly better cartoon with much more fun and a story actually worth looking at.therefore :
2/10
... for one of the worst swedish movie ever ... forgive me
for being dull.first of all i have not seen the first one
4/10 is high
because it was so bizarre so bad
sequel not based on novel or book does not turning out great to often ,
and this is a perfect example of one.ok i
it or download it.4/10 this movie will be remembered
too bad he was not more effective ,
jame best also appears in a somewhat uncharacteristic role as a cryptic reverend ,
a very poor copy has resurfaced
the film is unspeakably terrible .
the casting is poor ,
the script is awful ,
and the directing is dreadful.picture roland young singing and dancing .
how awful this film was ;
i rarely watch commercial tv ,
there are not a lot of great role for woman of a certain age ,
do not waste your time .
danny glover is outstanding in a sympathetic role .
and these prank were really bad .
and have fun
it is great .
she dy a horrible death this is an 80s movie .
this movie has really great death .
comes a great ,
and it was the perfect way
meryl streep was incredible in this film .
she has an amazing knack for accent ,
and she shows incredible skill in this film overall .
this is the best work i
and a perfect 10 for streep .
bad acting and stupid gore effect .
a complete waste of time .
the murder are pretty lame
i am black american and i loved this soap opera .
and that of her future children.it was such an excellent soap opera ,
this soap opera was the best soap opera ever .
there is no such a thing as perfect murder.lieutenant columbo knows that.ken franklin ,
before his day of fame.steven bochco wrote it.columbo is a fantastic character with his shabby look.it is hard to believe
re-teamed for this excellent 1950 film-noir.an embittered policeman
is one awful piece of film
of being bad :
terrible acting
bad all the way through ,
so bad it was torn to piece on mystery science theater 3000 .
the film 's message is clich\u00e9 .
and that awful song at the end is grating .
disney should make a newer maelstrom like attraction to liven thing up and replace this dull
not fun .
doing battle over a desert wasteland ,
the acting is lousy ,
that make it quite enjoyable .
person claim its edited funny
and honestly its one of the best class i have had ,
its rather funny to here about what happened
to make their show enjoyable by all audience ,
the writing is incredibly predictable ,
that it is all bad .
because that was really one of the best thing
but just does not succeed in being funny or interesting .
it was easy for me to be drawn into the first of the great mgm technicolor musical .
from the moment the body of a poor misguided girl washed up on the beach .
it is is simply one mans obvious sexual fetish extended over long series fallowed by a ridiculous overly pornographic movie .
rant and rave about how great david lynch .
and making it into some kind of a wonderful thing .
doing its best
and avoid this garbage .
you will be left with a fantastic comedy .
it had become a bad joke .
are the two greatest comedy to ever be produced .
as he is.it is chock a block full of great ,
great character
and it is got great sheila and more foster consumption
top notch.and some of the funniest song you will ever hear ,
and it is full of great celeity .
this film contains some of the best stuff mike has ever done .
the cameos are wonderful ,
he is the best
and is simply wonderful to watch
superb as the tortured man
that i could single out as weaker
chicago especially looks fantastic ,
law is surprisingly menacing as the almost mechanical killer maguire and proves
the film is decidedly noir-ish
as it is beautiful to watch .
danny glover and kevin kline do their role with great tenderness
she is been made fun of for doing a lot of role with accent ,
darkman 3 is worse than darkman 2 ,
who is now played by great jeff fahey ,
but still this is pretty tired film and often irritatingly stupid
and it is very annoying .
darkman 2 had many great scene and stylish camera work ,
to play great villain .
darkman 3 is worst in the whole series ,
darkman 2 was okay actioner with plenty of great scene and suspense
and often stupid and boring piece of sequel .
is the refreshing format ,
donald trump is wonderful as the host and the main judge of the show as well .
but the best part of the show is new york city .
but his handling of the cinematography is excellent
the jazz tune coupled with some great camera-work make new york look spectacular.the apprentice will easily alway make my top 3 reality show of all time
( the amazing race is no .
however ) .but just like the amazing race this show is always best watched in moderation .
can we add a genre tag for `` so-bad-it is-good '' ?
the con at the beginning is easily the best and cleverest part of the movie .
to this bad-to-mediocre confusion .
are great and peck is an absolute joy to watch .
it is not awful and i am sure
the worst movie in the history of cinema .
if it was trying to be funny or sad
and back down to best boy should be ashamed to be a part of this film !
a poor choice indeed .
the worst edit in memory assumes a drugged viewer - mandatory
and then it commits the worst sin of all .
this movie had great promise
what a waste of effort .
poor effort by writer and director .
the `` bad '' cop takes a girl ,
the `` bad '' cop eventually returns with a heavy duffel bag ,
.the `` bad '' cop repeats this process ,
the `` bad '' cop eventually kills this magically protected bitch ,
the eye-shadow monster kill the `` bad '' cop ,
this movie was great .
it had beautiful music ,
and it had my favorite actor :
that look excellent on camera .
it has beautiful
that fits the scene perfectly ,
and it has my favorite actor
named sassy and a street-smart ridiculously curious and slightly neurotic bulldog
a truly incredible journey .
that like the three amazing actor providing the voice for the lead animal character ,
it is incredible
which coincidently malfunction at that very moment .
that are pretty amazing .
is amazing
this is really terrible.the only redeeming feature about this movie
that the next time person ask me what is the worst vampire movie i
that this was the best movie since the matrix .
the fight choreography is the worst i
imagine a girl flailing her arm around in a circle helplessly and delivering weak kick
just having a great old time hamming
the spirit of fun this film has is truly infectious .
got a nomination for best supporting actor ,
dick tracy won oscar for best artandset design ,
best song
only shows sondheim wanted to get in on the fun .
dick tracy movie were consigned to the b picture and worse as saturday afternoon serial .
try and find a recording of that gem.until then warren beatty 's classic comic strip for the big screen will do nicely .
that the sole message is the only way
that most so called `` christian '' seem to either forget or ignore this message from their `` savior
this movie implies is that jesu apparently cares more about the win loss record of a mediocre high school football team
but it is now my favorite show
i just..do not find her funny ,
were extremely funny .
topher grace is also a great actor .
randy is horrible .
nothing amazing
= ] 9/10 star
this has got to be one of the worst movie ever made .
called `` the great lady of the grand guignol '' :
( dennis weaver meanwhile shelley gets wacko with horrible flashback
red herring and wasted opportunity
that could had made this movie great :
are wasted .
although fun to watch take too much screen time
at happiness is a hoot to watch ! 8/10 .
it is like the pilot of a bad `` going away to college for the first time '' teen soap
a parade of boring stereotype and clich with some gratuitous violence
the acting was horrible .
you will not be disappointed .
.mandy 's face is a little too perfect ,
a perfect 7-to-10 ratio of waist to hip
that was enjoyed by michelle johnson of the 1980 's whose early fame in blame
now i have never ever seen a bad movie in all my year
animie is pointless the maker of it are pointless its a big marketing scheme look just cut down on song
if they put out a message
it was well done with the perfect setting and a great acting job
enterprise is the perfect vessel
that it just two person of this wonderful new crew
that is boldly going to take us into the great history of starfleet.enterprise look
this movie is a great way for the series to finally end .
and makes for a great lead .
the independent filming style of the movie is great for the creepy factor .
the special effect were not bad either .
was lucky enough to be an extra in this great film
and loved every minute of the filming .
and had a great chat to phil
and jon as did my wife.fantastic after party too .
it deserves to be up there with all the great biker film .
who gave a horrible performance ,
it becomes more personal and more emotional to watch.the acting is amazing ,
who is an amazing actor .
the writing is surprisingly poor for a pixar / disney excursion .
the movie does look amazing
( bad screenplay ? )
.even better is this gem from italy ,
as he is handy to have around.too weak-willed to resist ,
and she is willing to risk a great deal for a man
recommended .
what would be so great about this movie .
even worse
because it lacks all the above .
this film does not fall into the whole `` so bad
it is just bad .
the acting is awful ,
the sfx are poor ,
and the story is bland and stupid .
you will still be disappointed .
that actually made me sympathetic to othello
and it was wonderful .
but in spite of jone 's incredible presence both physically and vocally
unfortunately this sapped my grief for the character destruction .
best what shakespeare 's genius was trying to present .
the scenery and the building are beautiful ,
and there is a ief but beautiful erotic interlude ,
but otherwise this movie is just a complete waste of time .
lesbian on a boring road trip with a straight woman.even the interaction between the two woman and the local person
tedious and mostly incomprehensible.there is one good joke in the movie ,
good or bad ,
and very few that are worse .
bad is going to happen -
the acting by the four main character is solid .
i wasted 5.75 to see this crappy movie so i just want to know a few thing :
when thing started getting bad ,
so the stupid ending would still work .
it is an amazing story about a girl in cambodia
it was one of the best film
does a fantastic job with her character .
ron livinston gives a fantastic performance .
it tells an important message
i loved it !
that succeeds on all fronts.it look absolutely beautiful in black and white
and it has wonderfully creepy gothic vibe.alan foster is an english journalist
and the tension is almost unbearable.barbara steele look incredibly beautiful as sinister specter elisabeth blackwood .
`` castle of blood '' is easily one of the best italian horror movie
in addition the digital photography is the best of the lot so far .
making at its best with snappy dialogue
but the rest of the film is awful.the severed arm is behaving like a snake
and kill few people.big deal.the acting is mediocre
and the climax is silly.3/10 .
badly made .
dreadful acting and an ending
as the film had frankly been nothing short of dull .
very disappointing and a waste of my time .
time travel is a fun concept ,
excellent acting .
but this one was the best so far.where
michael nyqvist is perfect as the thoughtful
beautiful frida hallgren is enchanting with her pretty smile and her subtle acting .
a beautiful story
the simplicity of it all makes the film perfect
did a fantastic job
overseas.joshua seftel does an excellent job
seftel crafted the film as perfectly as one could :
- contrasting them perfectly - as well
and costume function perfectly to convey what is found in a love story comprised of beauty
the black person were perfectly capable of raping their own daughter
she was amazing .
was feeling lousy yesterday afternoon
this movie is so great .
this is about as boring a soap opera
that were great on the surface
it is nomination for best picture of the year - 1945
.gene kelly was probably in the best form of his career - yes
that there are so many other element of great film in this one ,
that he really is a great human
great song and probably a few other element of classic film
i loved this movie .
an amazing feel good movie and a very sad one too .
sometime you find an enjoyable yet campy one like the devil 's messenger or the devil bat
to sit through the mediocre/terrible performance .
some actor like the servant igor and elga give an effort at least and i am ashamed to admit kind of left me chuckling at the end mainly for the sheer stupidity but still with some very minor happiness
the death scene are pretty bad
this is best avoided .
itself is not that great ,
highly recommended :
9/10 star .
my son has been amazing ... i have never been more proud of him ... '' the young father 's older sister ,
and i would not hesitate to list the beautiful barbara bouchet among my favourite actress of all time ,
that this is a largely pointless film
that this is pointless gets more annoying
that it is also rather dull and none of the character
she is definitely the best thing about the film and the sequence
is the best part of the film .
but unfortunately it does not have much else to offer .
it was number something on the 100 greatest funny moment .
miss fontaine acted her part to perfection
although it is certainly not to be counted as one of her best role ,
coleman 's was my favorite performance in the film .
helen thimig and gene lockhart are quite good.the gay sister had great potential
to turn out to be one of the great cinematic family sagas .
unfortunately
the film could have been fantastic .
so poorly that it hurts .
as bad as fiona 's story ends ,
even if it does not involve us like other great film of the era .
7/10
the 1950s would have been the best time
it was a below average film at best
dicaprio is a terrible actor no matter
the film itself had a rather boring and simple plot :
this is probably one of the best movie i
not to mention the acting is great ,
it is too bad
the realism and subtle nuance ,
the only redeeming aspect to this show is rob morrow ,
if he signed up for this schlock.the lame-ness of the `` math '' aspect to the show is encapsulated in one episode co-starring lou diamond phillip
easily the best known of all the shakespeare plays ,
when the plot gets going but his stately accent and bland ,
but too many of his best line have been cut .
he gurns and gesticulates excessively and looks rather ridiculous as a result .
but actor lawrence naismith fails to give the part any authority on camera .
in probably his best role in this series
who makes a bad decision .
he has great feeling of guilt and fear .
she was one of the best character .
its way worse.the best episode were with carman in them .
awful .
and catherine keener is excellent as always .
my advice : go to see it for huge laugh and an incredibly enjoyable movie on top of it .
that poor son ... please nbc
it is beautifully paced and performed .
if you saw `` the best of youth
one of my favorite film for a number of year was `` last action hero '' ; unfortunately
arnold schwarznegger decided to spoil my fun by becoming a corrupt scumbag politician ;
and that wayne crawford and andrew lane are perfectly aware of this .
are weaknesses to the film -
and i just find fascinating the idea
i will probably like best about the new star war film
every time i hear someone declare `` titanic '' is the greatest film
lot of person really loved it
which simply called more attention to the appallingly stupid love story .
which i would 've enjoyed much more .
therefore the greatest motivation for a time machine i can think of .
it is nice to see suraj barjatya back at what he is best at.a story woven around a marriage.it feels nice
which you would avoid watching with your family .
that engagement lead to love .
once you get engaged is excellent .
are rather bland stereotype -
but also animated tv series such as blackstar
the story is solid.the acting is top-notch
also by cotten and peters.the music is absolutely perfect .
it is very obvious what is happening off camera.i enjoyed watching this film very much and i believe
this was probably just the craft of film-making was not quite perfected yet \u0096
and the cinema 's peeling paint gradually became more interesting than the shoddy mess on-screen.the storyline of nada mas promise much .
ahem.nada mas attempt to straddle the stile somewhere between the 'quirky-heroine-matchmakes-stranger ' of amelie and the 'poetry-as-great-redeemer ' theme of il postino .
unfortunately
nada mas fails to capture the lushness and transcendence of either film.there are two thing
the film is totally 70 's full of bad clothe
bad hair
the cast is excellent ,
sylvia miles- always wonderfully creepy !
they are entitled to make at least one ridiculous horror movie .
as they were perfectly ended ,
and the portrayal were the same.after the wonderful experience
this was a major disappointment
which stank of 70 's cheese and horrible acting .
and left a terrible
it rate a 1.4/10 from ... the fiend : .
and i loved dark shadow .
to escape or avoid possession
all in all pretty poor .
a very enjoyable film
who do bad thing
highly recommended ...
leaving the weak stomached child with a mission
but there are a lot of message in it .
it is a feel good fun film
it might be a clever satire on the worst excess of christian fundamentalist ,
it was so darn funny !
what an incomprehensible mess of a movie .
sadly he will probably always be remembered best as the guy
especially great )
his theme of psychological unrest and past dictating present faintly underlie this tall tale of good and bad man
and how to move it to display the greatest density of information in a given shot .
it would be up there with the best of astaire and roger .
but overly long with a tedious subplot
the result is some wonderful dance number
'' one of the most achingly beautiful song ever written and certainly one of the most illiantly
laughable at time .
character are not great either .
side cast is bad too .
its ridiculous .
that fails ,
and then she thinks of the best idea ever .
that really made it look bad .
stupid ?
just awful .
if her character was not so bad ,
weird and cheap
and the predictable ending .
its just disappointing .
everything else is very bad .
it is difficult to understand how to make film so pathetic .
because they are stupid and ridiculous and very bad scenario .
we continue to make film any more ridiculous than other .
casting is great .
acting is solid enough .
a wretched and unworthy rendition of a fascinating period in american history .
and it made the difference in audience-reaction between the two group a wonderful social commentary on the state of race relation in this country .
the white folk were afraid to laugh or laughed nervously at the funny bit
had a great time
and does at great job becoming the character portrayed .
the song are too funny
to be believed.this film is one of the best pseudo-documentary
i am glad i did not waste money
his science is bad ,
this is one of the most amazing ,
some may find it laughable
that meld into a wonderful evening of observation on how thing used to be in italy and england .
other time funneled into a terrific comedy of entertainment ,
that are photographed with a sublimely subtle painter 's eye .
this is an excellent film ! tom hank and paul newman performed great !
as it is one of tom hank ' best !
i have seen hundred of horror film and slasher flick and this one is lame
plot is terrible ,
acting is even worse .
all rule of normalcy..and i loved it .
`` let 's make life fun for 1\u00bd hour . ''
( even if they are horrible actor ,
accompanied by a great rock soundtrack
featuring some of the ramone best song ,
sadly not available on dvd as yet ,
ella raine was a great actress
sadly ella raine was never given such a great part again ,
and eventually ended up in poorly produced western .
i loved this movie from the opening sequence right through to the end .
i loved everything about it ...
this is one of my favorite of the year ...
`` pecker '' is the best movie
and he is separated from his loved-one
the picture left a refreshing taste in my mouth
that it was a fairly enjoyable horror movie .
the acting was not great - apart from the wonderful alice krige -
was quite amusing.on the whole an above average stephen king effort - 7/10 .
not bad
sadly
-- this special edition dvd of the beloved cinderella will not turn into a pumpkin at the strike of midnight .
my expectation where high but they where in no way disappointed .
as always with ang lee there is fantastic acting
that has you guessing right till the end and superb filming .
along with unforgiven this is easily one of the two best western of the 90`s.people
will be sourly disappointed ,
will have a fantastic time
9/10 .
but i enjoyed this one
it is not too often you run into a low budget indie horror film with great acting and a good story .
what is up with all these bad review for this film .
all i hear is `` worst movie ever '' .
how can you categorize one as the `` worst '' ever ?
a video not `` movie '' like `` zombiez '' may be the worst film i ever
that it is the worst movie
who gave this movie bad review
you again since the first sucked so bad and i heart huckaboring .
if this guy was smoking crack or got knocked `` stupid '' by his drunken dad
everyone did a great job .
this ranks second only to godzilla 1998 as the worst movie i have ever seen .
memoir of a geisha is a beautifully filmed movie ,
and the acting is generally excellent ,
i enjoyed it immensely
delightfully refreshing
it is a rare morality play full of food for thought.please visit www.lovetrapmovie.com for complete and accurate info about this film .
dudley moore is perfect
the role fit moore so perfectly ,
many disappointment soon followed
... but i enjoyed this show anyway .
pretentious ; forced ; overwrought ; desperate for attention ; self-satisfied ; annoying ever-present narration .
fun
this was a great idea but
was it poorly executed .
it is pathetic ! anyway ,
but this must 've been the best part .
-- or the cheap porn movie .
great line ! after this
this was a wonderful movie .
it was will 's best performance to date .
great directing .
music was great .
person will get something wonderful from this .
excellent movie .
that will was very subtle in his acting .
that is rare to see .
and with this me generation it was great to see something
is to inherit a great deal of wealth .
( ..perhaps poking fun at know-it-all british inspector
often avoiding sir john as much as possible .
i loved it a lot more than the usual biographys or costume drama 's .
great play
great camerashot
great music and texts .
i loved it
( 6/13/10 )
i was glad i got the dvd cheap at a store going out of business sale ,
because this was pretty awful .
and both movie were similarly annoying with the constant realization
the scripting between the creative gore moment is rather unbearable.3/10 .
stan lathan 's `` beat street '' is still a pretty dull show .
therefore it is left almost entirely to the funky music and the 'fresh ' dancing
but this alone is not enough to lift `` '' beat street '' to greater height .
unfortunately the film really falls flat late on ,
and also a wonderful spoof .
'i found this to be pointless movie
unfortunately those convention are that horror film are tense and packed with genuine sense of horror .
( and cheaply repeating its footage like a bad music video ) .
particularly dorothy 's sweet lament `` it is a far away land '' ,
superbly
i loved it .
which was boring and unbelievable.the only thing
solid
and far from conventionally beautiful ,
superb .
both have noirish quality
dana andrew gives one of his best performance as the beat-down cop
he does his best to cover it up .
the rest of the cast is just as solid with tom tully
it is an amazingly well
it is that tierney is almost too perfect for the role and her surrounding .
she seems a little too beautiful
this film seems to be completely pointless .
they go to a house with a very annoying small girl in it
this was a fantastic episode .
that really make cold case one of the most captivating and much-loved work of television magic on cbs .
sadly he was either lucky with enter the dragon or he is lost his touch
because he is not that great of a director .
i only enjoyed the fighting scene ,
and hired a top notch action director ? recommended .
basically the blame is about coccio doing an easy and overplayed social message ... well
and smiling about how their life in their comfortable suburb is perfect.the real motive of the movie is not about what is driving them .
and trying to create this atmosphere of a perfect town .
are shaping into being the worse nightmare of a whole town .
this film is beautiful to look at ,
but is like watching really bad experimental theater .
if you have always wanted to see bad russian gay porn
number 3 is a rather disappointing sequel ,
decent with the stick - poor couch ! )
is the only redeeming quality of a movie
that just cries bad acting .
the plot is not half bad ;
just executed pretty poorly .
badly lit
janet penner and virginia settle as the crazy/creepy daughter and mother the chick find themselves stranded with compete for worst acting ever .
who love bad film .
where even the best acting could not hide a bad plot.in this case
it is not a bad plot
is that her character as an autistic girl did not allow giving her these tragically horrible dialogue line
more for the horrible attempt .
in some moment i felt ashamed for the actor to have added this to their vita.2 star for the excellent technical work .
and this effort has all the weakness of the first
terrible over acting by glenn close ,
another wasted effort here .
i am almost embarrassed to see oscar winner f. murray aaham being reduced to such a horrible part .
like they were talking about survival in a war or through a horrible disaster .
it is a fun sport ,
and even his life.the production value are terrible ;
most of them are done in very poor taste
how could such a smart and beautiful wife stand all the nasty stuff from the husband ?
the scene with the black movie theater attendant is just pointless
avoid this movie .
avoid it ;
a very bad attempt at a young spinal tap .
at least the music in spinal tap was good.this is really a very sad case of hollywood nepotism at it is worst .
bad musician and producer create some `` poopie '' show
the potty humor was even bad .
but this one is amateur at best.the boy go to vermont for a civil service
are laughable and overact something terrible.applause to the director
yes there are worse movie out there .
most of them made for fun
it is a poor movie about a serious subject
national lampoon 's movie madness:1. the movie is poor
2. it is not funny .
how lame .
none of the character in lampoon 's so-called 'satire ' are funny ,
poorly developed
really bad movie are typically renamed \u0096 and this little disaster fall under that category .
-- probably to help try and promote it to person too stupid
how bad a panning it received from home video critic in 1982/83 .
is split up into three story \u0096 a parody of self-enlargement video
because it was so boring my mind
that does not sound very funny ,
they can seldom make eye contact with the camera.the movie is not funny ,
and a very weak laugh .
( with that great comic genius tom arnold )
'this movie is bad .
that 'll teach you not to make something so awful next time .
and over every day for a month.it is so bad
it should be humerous and fun ,
but instead is just boring .
is much better.3/10
whom bruce willis plays a wonderful role as jame cole ,
( perhaps my favorite character )
home videos of al as a kid are great
i found this movie to be a great idea ,
and the voice-over is an insult and robs the viewer of any chance of a personal experience with the fear ,
the greatest disappointment
rather bland ending .
is likewise annoying .
it has the great triangular shaped headlight .
you watch this expecting a great casablanca storyline or sound of music oom-pah-pah ,
you will be disappointed .
he was wonderful in the comedy with peter seller
this movie is completely ridiculous .
just because they are what makes the movie so wonderfully moronic .
it is another great magical muppet 's movie and i adore them all ;
but here they did such a rare fatal mistake and i am surely talking about the weird ending ! !
as all the poor viewer ,
they made the weak miserable creature
( even the pathetic frog did not have the time or the proper opportunity
stumbled by chance upon this little gem on late-night tv
me this is one of the five best movie about wwi
nina foch deliver a surprisingly strong performance as the title character in this fun little gothic nail-biter .
so i can not tell you how refreshing it was to have the heroine in this film use her ain
perfect for family with small child who are looking for lighthearted film
they will sympathize with the poor little girl
who 's greatest wish is to have a little doll to love .
and the poor little rich boy
the film will endear child to both santa and the message of love
that in this movie was fun and enjoyable to watch .
fun ,
this delectable fusion of new age babble and luridly bad film-making may not `` open '' you up ,
to borrow one of the film 's favorite verbs ,
based on the best-selling book by jame redfield
easily the worst film seen in 40+ year of viewing movie .
two better example of `` poor white trash '' you will never find in all of cinema.indeed ,
cold weather makes person stupid '' .
that explains why there are so many stupid person around here '' .
state law '' .but poor early has some
with its beautifully stark landscape
brad pitt is surprisingly effective ,
michelle forbes is great as the avant-garde
but my choice for best performance goes to juliette lewis .
the plot dissolves rather messily into unnecessary and preposterous violence
that was somewhat disappointing.overall
great scenery
great dialogue ,
and that wonderful performance by juliette lewis .
no matter however good or bad.i happened to see this film in an english literature class at suny geneseo ,
and at the same time its character may be one-sided and predictable .
and appeared in casablanca and many great picture .
this movie was just down right bad .
and that great ,
and amazingly enough
or if you prefer a great story line and a lot of action
it is very fun and at time humorous ,
but it severely lacks the `` romantic chemistry ''
that walter matthau is perfect for the part of albert einstein ,
the directing lacks substance ,
the music is ridiculously awful ,
einstein and his buddy are a good relief from tim robbin ' boring
and was `` forced '' to watch what could have been a great 3d movie masterpiece
is fantastic
who was responsible for some of bergman 's most beautiful film ,
i was a little disappointed
polanski is certainly not a bad actor ,
some of the supporting cast are great
but other are weak and miscast .
the tenant is an enjoyable and intriguing experience
and what constitutes punishment.it is a lot of fun
world 's finest is a 7/10
this movie was amazing !
i loved this movie
one of jake gyllenhaal 's best ! !
also- my favorite part were the science fair
this movie fails on so many level
it ends up a sleazy waste of time ,
where bad actor deliver bad dialogue in front of an idiot director ,
and trying their best
it is so bad .
perfect fare for mystery science theater ,
but god-awful should you try to watch it alone and uncut .
this scores 2/10 at most
either the subtitling was very poor or the actual dialog does not make much of story
to make it better or worse .
it is just bad .
but the whole delivery of the story was rather lousy .
absolutely one of the worst movie of the year .
the plot is ridiculous ,
the character poorly developed
and the premise irritatingly stupid .
loses his beautiful author wife
he learned this from a really fat pathetic guy
can send message
i would better start messing around with this indiscriminately . '' )
that the best way
wandering into the house by mistake.nobody is able to salvage this mess
too bad .
these are two of my favorite actor ,
not a bad thing
i have not had so much fun at a movie in a long time .
wes craven is at his best ever .
he ings us an amazing end of summer thriller i was so desperately craving .
all the actor are amazing
and the action is realistic and fun .
the f/x were great .
the omission of `` in cold blood '' in 1967 as one of the five best picture nominee is one of those inexplicable instance ,
that this is getting mixed reviews.this one is more of a macae story than a funny one ,
the way the story is made ends up being funny .
tom show an incredible patience
the funny thing is that jerry invites tom to laugh with him
and before i got my first vcr i figured i would christen it with this little gem
and it is bad film-making at it is finest !
`` unfortunately it is sh_it
i thoroughly enjoyed this true to form take on the dick tracy persona .
this rousing kung fu epic boasts an amazing cast - a veritable
and the fight choreography is superb as usual ,
that makes this film remarkable and enjoyable .
that is nothing short of excellence and perfection .
but his role is a small one and sadly ,
my favorite is kathy duquesne ,
who look an awful lot like halle berry .
kelly ripa did a great job as one of the other suspect .
although i enjoyed henry silva as the voice of bane ,
and especially the soft sounding intro were superb .
that was on a soundtrack and i especially enjoyed the beautiful and talented cherie in the iceberg lounge along with her song
that this movie is weaker than the mask of the phantasm and subzero ,
i find it just as strong and enjoyable as the rest ,
this movie was so very badly written .
he was the only funny and believable one of the lot.i love movie
but this one was up there on my lame list at number 2. number 1
full of funny momants
8/10
i gave this a 10/10 point .
also the soundtrack by fastway is totally incredible
is definitely a great movie
wonderful acting is the main reason
something truly special and pretty enjoyable
this film alongside with fantastic `` 15 minute ''
cuba gooding jr. is a skillful and fantastic actor and i am prepared to get lot of more terrific movie from him .
`` man of honor '' has also quite an excellent story-line
this is a great ,
fascinating movie and i can only recommand it .
even if it were remotely funny ,
that my country and its crorepati film maker can `` throw away '' crore on such stupidity .
saif ali khan -completely disappointed in your choice of film .
do not waste any ain cell
to go see this- go see / rent amu -with konkana sensharma instead- a beautiful piece of independent film
poignant and a wonderful story-tale
i loved this show
that be finally decided to release this beautiful series on dvd and i finally
the show was wonderfully written and directed and had lot of life left
did a great job as the role of sheriff lucas buck ,
unfortunately
and it was not funny enough to be a comedy .
valuing not having wasted any more time on such nonsense .
funny nor artistic .
worse yet
it was such a shameful waste of otherwise extraordinarily talented actor ,
has forbade smuggling.enter dirk bogarde
release date were continually shifted around for this truly awful movie
gross humor is funny ,
the worst thing
is to make it look like you are having fun ,
pointless vignette
and not dreadfully bad like `` slacker '' .
just as she did in another bad film such as `` the sweetest thing ''
why i loved this movie .
the dvd is so great ,
that the music is forgettable .
flickering flame
poorly-made `` blaxploitation '' crime-drama aimed squarely at the black urban market of the early 1970s .
and lacks the wide-range appeal of other movie in this genre .
spies a beautiful patty shepard
which make it better than a bad film .
the witch mountain is a curious film from the long line of cheap
this movie was absolutly awful .
the acting was soo stuningly bad
what makes this film even worse is that it is soo bad
to make fun of ! ! !
this has got to be in my top five worst movie of all time .
2/10
the character poorly sketched .
when they would preempt neighboring show to air `` superman and the mole man . ''
i was surprised at just how bad it really was.it was not bad
george reeve ' superman costume was pretty bad
the mole man 's costume were even worse .
sleeve hem and badly pilling faic badly tailored into baggy costume were all painfully obvious .
what made it bad were the contrived plot device .
the tv production at the 2000 's start were between weak and bad .
it was highly ridiculous ,
it enjoyed that bad taste sickeningly .
sure the show got a funny look
but overall it was unfunny work .
it would be one of the rarest time
sadly
and shows some sign of `` getting '' acting at last.sfx are mainly poor cgi
avoid
i have seen worse film ,
by how standard these bad horror movie are .
the killer monster thing is really really bad ,
there is much worse
but was still pretty stupid .
basically its just a bad low budget horror movie .
but at least its not as bad as titanic ,
looks stupid .
a good gruesome death scene with really fake blood is so stupid .
it is my personal favorite of all the `` christmas carol '' movie
solid directing
that takes great pleasure in pounding the taft rocket
watch `` the best of time '' for one of the best viewing experience ever !
one of robin william best understated performance
of cheap labor in steel and coal industry .
alone is so poetic and at the same time funny and charming .
the icing on the cake are fantastic performance by the entire cast
great movie
not a bad word
the score is a beautiful piece of suspense
that chris young went on to be one of the best composer in the business .
and is a great
aside from that prank is a great movie
as just a cheap piece of crap .
enjoyable and watchable .
tim meadow at his best .
he and a very funny john witherspoon provide a solid foundation for mr. meadow ' riffing .
have fun with this one .
while granger 's role of the tortured hunter is superb ,
this is truly a great western picture .
do not blame historical inaccuracy for the fact
which i really enjoyed .
but there is a very funny segment
so ... its absolute rubbish.the story is just ... ridiculous .
dean is great in this film ,
seeing him agonise and throw little tantrum like a 4 year old boy ... its pathetic.natalie wood is gorgeous ,
it sets a bad precedent for the film ... and for the rest of it ,
one of these badly acted emotional scene
this was a very bad movie ...
has bad acting
bad dialogue
bad everything.the only thing
and unfortunately i picked this version .
were absolutely terrible .
not recommended by any stretch of the imagination .
at best
and is not all that bad considering .
( if not unwelcome given their usual blandness )
there are no great dramatic moment ,
and works beautifully.leo glenn
isabella rosselinni narrated this movie - the one enjoyable aspect of the movie .
how much they enjoyed this nor appreciated the unusual approach
even though 'the naked mile ' and this one are the two worst ,
the best part of the film was
there are tonne of bad thing to say about this film .
which makes a double whammy of a bad plot.apart from that ,
the acting was also poor .
my all-time favorite
david ogden stier is the perfect choice for the penguin 's voice .
who 's much more memorable than the forgettable version in `` batman and robin . ''
and generally worse than the original .
the murdered teenager were more often than not being punished by their killer for some kind of bad behavior ,
not only that the movie were passing on some kind of message
real subtle screen writing there
definitely bad taste
unfortunately
a walk with the dog is far superior entertainment to this unbelievably lame movie .
along with the mostly bad acting is what makes a good cult movie i suppose.my favorite line is delivered by tarquin the vampire
acting by the van helsing character and bad girl `` rally '' is not bad .
its funny seeing them as pretentious snobs .
and the annoying editing ?
and avoid some evil one too .
the movie looks great
when trying to subtle ,
and weak special effects.do not be fooled by the cover :
this movie is the worst ive seen.. nicole kidman really dissapointed me.. this movie has nothing .
great actor but bad script .
what was the worst thing about this show :
the bad acting
poor acoustic of different portion
bad cgi
the poor script .
to provide a great deal of good material
( poor ) attitude
when it comes to making movie out of classic tale in the past few years.what a waste !
one of the best sci-fi series ever ,
the off-screen voice is especially bad
this movie is actually funny !
funny and superficial .
some of it is a very weak thriller
very weak ) ,
due to poor
bad acting and a too dark
too dull cinematography .
4/10
this is an extremely boring film .
but what really makes this film boring is the narration by director carlton sherwood .
should see george butler 's excellent film going upriver !
but it fails miserably at accomplishing that goal .
which is thoroughly enjoyable .
i loved walter matthau as the one and only albert einstein .
this is absolutely the best none-animated family film i have seen in quite a while
mark leaves a meeting of rebel student and black panther disappointed with the verbose empty rhetoric ,
best exemplified by an old boxing champion ,
a vivid half-fantasy in a suffocating reality.the ending probably belong to the pantheon of great ending in cinema ,
( bad old day ? )
her subtle
as the title suggests is based on the kargil war but the problem is there are too many character and the romantic subplot and the song of many character are boringeven there are too many cinematic liberty like killing person with knifes ,
abhishek is likable manoj bajpai has his moment sanju is wasted ,
as it portrayed the catholic church in a bad light ,
.the film is a fascinating insight into the whole issue of religion in ireland
the movie is really superb
you might find it boring or as said before
but at least you have seen one of the best musician ever ,
since jeepster and get it on are so wonderfully played .
`` slaughter high '' is a totally ridiculous slasher flick about a high school nerd marty ,
) .the acting is completely awful ,
( a beautiful old english castle )
is really nice.however the dream finale is utterly pathetic.all in all
but i enjoyed it.only for fan of truly bad slasher flick .
loved part one
what a disappointment part two 'the satan pit ' is .
blended with an absolutely superb soundtrack makes
had to be the poor pace .
but managed to be more bland then anything else ,
eva longorium parker is pretty mediocre .
kim basinger is pretty terrible as the 1st lady .
not recommended.4/10
had a bad day ?
the fourth is a wealthy and beautiful woman
urban cowboy has an amazing soundtrack .
boring
self-involved \u0096 this move felt like a bad date .
worse
the tedious art-school direction
it gets worse :
instead of dialogue there are poorly written voice-over and quote and song
blame
even these start to get boring after 5 minute however ,
how come university in the us are so bland
awful writing all around .
the entire flick was peppered with three 's company'ish moment like the awful and contrived shower scene .
or the pointless/confusing aerobic scene .
or the awful laundry room scene .
they toss in one of these terrible moment .
the guy meets some lame oad at a book store
which is absolutely random and un-funny
but it is not boring ,
and many of the actor are funny person ;
the film has several funny moment .
and it looks like it would be perfect to use in some of the ritual scene in their movie .
the score is terrible .
can you say boring ?
my two favorite are the beginning and ending .
i will never forget the wit and great comedy of the original vacation movie !
that is funny in this film.european vacation 's humor
and relied on a ridiculous slap-stick chase scene sequence toward the end of the picture just to kill time.worse
their replacement are not funny ,
that are not only not funny ,
they are in bad taste.the griswald 's should have stayed in wally world .
do not join them on this european dreadful adventure .
with her on the cast it could not be so bad .
so it could be an exotic entertaining movie with one of my favorite actresses.if
this is a truly awful
boring movie .
is pathetic.the story
her character was weak
but that is no excuse for such an awful performance .
my god ... olivier martinez is even worst .
it is so bad in every way
a lousy team
to produce a lousy script
do not fall for it.avoid it !
this is really a great film about normal person
trying to make the best of it .
the 4 primary actor were fantastic.fritz helmut was convincing .
that she is the best nurse to take care of the old man.everybody has problem and those
she messes thing up at time ,
peter hooten turn in the worst performance by an actor
bo 's fantasy are sadly tame
it is a surprisingly effective little movie -
and that stanwyck is great should go
but this is easily the best episode of the season.the acting was good ! !
but just a funny little bit where he becomes
perhaps from a writer 's standpoint the best of the philo vance mystery by the strange s.s. van dine .
the film avoids the comedic aside
who comes off best
( best known as frank morgan 's other ) ,
; quirky and funny etiienne girardot has a delightfully witty part as the funny little forensic doctor
jame lee as the abused chinese servant is excellent and intelligent .
consider this to be the best of the vance project ,
that it greatly dampened my enjoyment of the whole episode .
not only does this movie have a poor plot
bad direction ,
and terrible acting ,
does not mean its funny .
do not waste your money .
because overall this is not one of the best film
walter matthau is flat-out perfect
even beyond perfect
i have never seen him funnier
i personally find his acting annoying in general ,
( `` chicken is funny ... . ''
then see this movie and savor his powerhouse tirade and wonderful grandmother-inspired gesture
that it is great to recommend to family and friend ;
but it is the worst thing
badly cast and badly acted
the plot is dull ! !
i love great chick film as much as the next girl and this is not one ! !
if you avoid one film this year ... .let
this gave me hope for the rest of the series but i was in for a disappointment ,
it seemed really weak .
commenting on the beautiful girl ,
it is a disappointing follow-up to `` the sun comes up ''
( from `` it is a wonderful life '' )
andie mcdowell is beautiful as the 40-ish woman
.a short succession of situation is absolutely ridiculous .
most ( like me ) will be very disappointed .
this one ranks a weak 4 with me .
unfortunately
and ultimately boring remake.the acting ranged from decent to very good ,
as the villain babban.the song were awful and forgettable .
as a second rate music video.the worst part was the pacing ,
which were forgettable.watching the movie in a theatre ,
one of the worst movie
the japanese have always had incredible ambition in their fantasy movie .
it is extremely awkward and laughable ,
but well quite enjoyable too .
as the wearing of white or black hats.mann 's background was in film noir
noir was neurotically charged ,
noir is about regress not progress ,
not the creation and confirmation of them.winchester 73 is fraught with noir anxiety .
noir is often considered a psychological genre ,
initiating here his great run of difficult film with mann and hitchcock .
and whose burst of violence are genuinely terrifying to witness.as in noir ,
revealing pointless elaborate ritual at the expense of society and order ; ute capitalist greed ; murderous indian-trader
i can not believe i wasted my time with this movie .
it was so bad with nothing
badly made and bad acting ruined it from being curious .
but why ? deserves to be forgotten.if you like bad movie then this is for you .
shoot em up is perfect for a single alpha male like me .
of the crew were so dreadful at their job
who will die horribly as cannon fodder and stereotyped bad guy
to get blown away.avoid this film
like you would avoid walking in front of a speeding train
or a dose of h5n1 avian flu.utter garbage.1/10this
it is good fun for horror fan
and has an excellent cast .
has an amusing role as a rude and obnoxious horror star !
( though not unfunny from a certain point of view . )
the hippie singing-dancing-drugging scene are truly wonderful ,
this gets more than one star is that thomas is great shape ,
and it is fun to see his tiny
is at least as bad
or even worse ,
so kurt does not come off quite as badly
poor kurt took the money and ran .
doubt mix excellent acting and plenty of tension and suspense ;
just like the previous best picture frustrationfest no country for old man
that the well-beloved priest
but hoffman steps up to the plate against one of the best actress of our generation and fantastically deliver .
for their superb job either .
doubt 's casting ensemble is among the best in 2008.yet ,
whether sheer arrogance or stupidity ,
utter annoying chatter
the lack of an ending is a stupid trend
it does not matter that we have a great talented acting cast
he took the mistake and stupid hiccup from the play to the film as well .
has to eak this stupid trend .
i loved the effect
ned was perfectly cast ,
and emma robert was a wonderful 21st century interpretation of nancy drew .
unfortunately i have to say
i was disappointed .
nothing bad ,
4/10
the movie is a complete waste of time .
if you want to see nude woman or bad acting ,
that when you enter place like funhouse and old mansion
and it would take away all fun
( played beautifully by erin flannery )
casevette seems like a cross between the porno actor john leslie and screen great jame caan .
the story begins on an excellent note
7/10
too bad .
that he did the original in black and white and the remake in color.castle of blood is excellent italian gothic .
it does not take foster and the beautiful elisabeth blackwood
this film is greatly atmospheric
even by the excellent standard of the italian .
even with color and greater ightness .
i loved the lingering shot ,
there is wonderful dialogue between alan and the ghost ,
were particularly good.sadly ,
he was sadly mistaken .
it was painful to watch a terrific actress like amber benson waste time
my all-time favorite movie !
wonderful story .
( a pity kyle maclachlan is probably the weakest of a very strong crowd ,
( his best performance )
fun to watch
must 've been fun to do .
probably the worst bollywood film i have seen.no plot line .
very little character developments.full of silly and pointless humor .
even the song and dance was pointless
and badly choreographed.the only good thing about this movie is that there were hot bod all around ...
but then most of the bollywood movie have that anyways these days.btw i am not from an indian background2/10
but it is also fun .
while not excellent .
excellent .
which include a strict father and a dullard older other
featuring one of the worst lead performance ever by the shrill laurel barnett
and another almost equally as bad by the charisma-free child actress rosalie cole
as if nothing horrible had happened .
something horrible has happened .
you have just sat through one of the most lameained ,
boring horror film you are ever likely to see ,
sadly
( 2/10
to avoid the possibility of avalanch .
despite his best effort ,
7/10.the movie is rated pg ,
coonskin might be my favorite ralph bakshi film .
like the best of his work
white and blue.in mocking these stereotype and convention and horrible form of racism
and best of all
in delivering his message .
( i loved the scene
bakshi 's coonskin function as entertainment first and then thought-provocation second .
it is one of the best satire ever made .
for which the student is blamed.the film is marred by some limitation
it is awful
since the film is populated with great performance from top to bottom .
unfortunately none of them can over come the falseness of the word
while not really bad
taylor was underrated as an actor as most critic saw him as solid
almost dull leading man type ,
and woman simply loved to watch his film
this is his best performance .
is how annoying lloyd nolan 's character was .
nolan was a great actor ,
pecker 's greatest gift is his ability
but the best performance are by his grandmother
they seem to be taking pecker 's worst valuation of his work as gospel ,
the case is extremely complicated and fascinating for a four hour mini series .
ann rule is a fascinating storyteller of true crime .
he does an above average job with an amazing story .
and its ' great simple worthwhile story make this a fine coming-of-age story and a wonderful movie .
director and writer rudi lagemann presents a great movie
who has an excellent performance in the role of a scared child fighting for survival .
i found it tolerable and fun .
toilet humor is not all that funny .
this show would not suck that bad if it were not for stereotype .
( the majority of them being unfunny )
it is like the greatest thing ever !
cosmo is mostly the one to blame .
the funniest nickelodeon show ever .
only worse .
this movie is such a mess .
do not waste your time with this one .
it is absolutely annoying and ridiculous .
is not even funny .
because it would be a waste
you are easily amused or like poor acting
oh and did i mention poor acting ?
that are excellent ,
the closer pollack gets to the truth the more surprise and bad incident
happen and the story runs pall mall toward a series of unexpected results.timberlake lacks the charisma
it is not a great movie ,
that makes for an edge of the seat action flick with a message .
there are a bunch of `` might-makes-right '' message
there is another `` bad guy ''
singleton seems to be sending a dual message
that a racist comment is a greater offense then rape
and in any event violence is justified against jerk.what is so ultimately so disappointing is that this movie could have truly been about something important but singleton ,
was the set designer.most movie leave a bad taste in your mouth .
the plot is a warmed over version of blade runner-esque universe melded with the cheap rubber suit
so prevalent in bad dinosaur movie .
who wishes to see the depth of stupidity
below average movie with poor music considering a movie
especially his style as a rock star were pathetic .
there were many song in the movie all boring except `` man ko ati '' .
`` khanabadosh '' can be very easily understood by an english music sponsor .
saw looked like the all time greatest horror flick ever
bleed is pretty bad .
the best part is seeing the female cast nude .
it has its funny part but its extremely predictable and i did not want to stay to see the horrible ending .
have also seen two other member of the cast in equally or worse motion picture .
at best .
all in all it was not `` bad '' .
it was plain bad training ) .
except that this is a great movie ! my rating :
story 8.5/10
acting 7.5/10
animals+fx 8.5/10
cinematography 8/10.my overall rating :
8/10 - big family movie and very worth watching !
ullman and sutherland were as great as usual .
ritter was not bad either .
to bad the plot was atrocious .
it was completely predictable
trite and boring.from the first 15 minute ,
too bad the script writer was not the victim .
was fun
this is an excellent movie with a stellar cast and some great acting .
the movie also has a strong message
and is unlike the stereotypical message
instead the actor ' emotion and situation deliver an impactive message
that does best without the use of word .
yes it is fantastic and essential viewing for fan of asian cinema .
great for japan
the best chance
the show would have been much worst if not for wu 's acting
that cute little girl too.the humour is at best
weak ,
beautiful and moving .
an insult to the talent of the lead actor.there is another element in the film
it is away on a ( predictable )
'thriller ' escapade.just as the film insults the talent of the actor ,
it insults the issue
considering kevin spacey was excellent .
because whoppi goldberg should have won best actress for the color purple
and the movie should have won best picture .
i have ever seen on the face of the earth and their `` nice and perfect '' persona looked difficult
and the supporting cast 's mickey mouse attitude are annoying .
the movie also begins very slow paced and is boring .
because it is just bad
bad ,
bad.it is obvious
because they are stupid criminal to boot !
i wanted the criminal to die horrible ,
painful deaths.but the story is so badly constructed
making thing even worse is the fact
that the cinematography is terrible
worse offense of all
this part was really bad .
the director should have been shot on the spot for coming up with such a stupid idea !
i can not tell you how annoying that was.as i have already mentioned ,
the criminal in scarecrow are amazingly stupid .
i have never seen such stupid person in a movie .
she actually blames the criminal in an embarrassing scene
( bad acting ) ,
but the scarecrow are the biggest weakness in this very weak flick .
this had to be one of the worst movie i
scarecrow is that bad .
this very ordinary film is an action/drama with a weak plot ; stereotypical ,
poorly developed character ;
a forgettable film not worthy of further commentary .
paperhouse would not be faithful to the book and dull .
unfaithal it certainly was but dull certainly not .
for you self the terrible consequence of the rash action.paperhouse truly is the british answer to a nightmare on elm street !
and surprisingly tough little picture with a great performance by preston .
the first one was different and funny .
it is a weak attempt at gross out humor .
disappointingly ,
to show how the imperfection of his archaic view of psychology
it deserves a 3/10 ;
a 4/10
it was not as funny as a movie
talking about poor timmy .
that are funny
and a rather weak one at that .
and 9/10 were just moronic fool ,
this film illustrates the cost to the man and woman perfectly .
i was very disappointed that less than a handful of person dy ,
i did not expect great acting ,
it was considered funny then .
delivering a mishmash of badly-done dialogue with embarrassing `` spanish '' accent worthy of the best high school theatrical production .
amazing .
amazing .
it is actually so amazing
that anyone was stupid enough to dump money into making this monstrosity
this poor ridiculed boy is eventually killed and ,
-- amazingly funny movie\u0097even
is not all that good.the bad : --
terrible
terrible acting. --
-- ridiculous story. --
and is poorly done. --
the absolute worst dialogue i have ever heard in my life .
is a full step beyond terrible .
it is funny as hell\u0097but i have never heard more asinine banter\u0097even in `` slumber party massacre iii . ''
worst wig ever .
3/10 story :
3/10 atmosphere :
2/10 cinematography :
1/10 character development :
2/10 special effects/make-up :
5/10 nudity/sexuality :
1/10
5/10
mediocre amount )
( extremely ridiculous
over-the-top and painfully funny\u0097so bad
5/10 direction :
2/10cheesiness :
10/10 crappiness :
9/10overall :
3/10another one for just person like me
laughable dialogue and character keep
it from being truly boring.www.residenthazard.com
it is incredible to see not only what a great person darius is ,
and their viewer at all.it is a wonderful and heart warming true story ... take your tissue
but it is great to see how caring and inspiring youth of today can be .
a typical story of a rich girl and a poor boy
it is terrible from beginning to it is end .
to make it soo bad .
well i guess someone blames the translation ha ha ha..
it is really a waste of time ...
pathetic is the word .
bad acting
pathetic script
the directer of this movie acts as bad
how they could screw up up so badly.the absolute best thing about this movie
the asian chick was not too bad neither .
do not waste your time ...
samuel fuller is hardly one of america 's great director .
i am not sure he qualifies as one of hollywood 's great craftsman .
but he certainly ranks up there with the best of hollywood 's true professional
bad guy .
move straight ahead with great economy .
with a classic noir look
the thing i like best about the movie is how the opening exemplifies fuller 's talent and strength .
in my opinion one of the best of movie critic ,
but unfortunately the producer/director/editor/god goofed .
unfortunately he
that were terrible for his actor ,
and terrible for his audience .
this is a very beautiful
and the scenery and music compliment each other perfectly .
maybe not the best ever film of its type but certainly an excellent and relaxing view for all age -not just child .
to make matter even worse ,
the cast is as dull as the screenplay .
but it is a laughable ,
ridiculous look for a creature
i am going to rate it a 4/10 .
this was one of the worst thriller i have seen in awhile .
this is bad and a bit tasteless as well .
the acting is mediocre.the plot has a unique ending
i never like this message resulting from a movie .
1 how is it that everyone can understand each other perfectly
a small-town theater group probably has better props.4 boring !
another lame canuck production ,
so subtle is the director touch .
not a great movie ,
this movie is a perfect example of a film
it is a great comedy.. and a great romance .
it is a perfect date movie .
a perfect movie for someone
that my two alltime favorite romantic comedy have never been released on dvd .
the other being gene wilder 's `` the world 's greatest lover ''
that makes viewing their experiment immensely rewarding and fascinating today.rating :
the william character is not at all sympathetic ,
and he is not even a decent op.guy kibbee is one of the best at what he does .
without eliminating the bad part ,
is an excellent example.moreover
this would not be so bad - hell
there are lame attempt at comedy thank to cameos - oadly written and oadly
who like poorly scripted ,
valentine is a horrible movie .
acting : very bad .
to be a great movie ,
it is a really stupid movie.1/10
that i believe it to be one of the greatest motion picture trilogy of our time .
it is a perfectly satisfying conclusion ,
and should stand the test of time as a fantastic movie
an unforgettable trilogy .
but this is not much fun.other german crime film like derrick ,
could this have possibly been a subtle social commantary
the same way mash was a subtle criticism of the viet nam war ?
what i loved was the inner logic the film followed ;
and to some extent in `` the insulted and the injured ''
what a great film-maker andrei konchalovski was before he went to hollywood
and made forgettable film like `` tango and cash '' and less forgettable like `` runaway train '' .
this is the worst movie i have seen for year !
and the the acting is worse .
mark wahlberg is a bad actor in a bad movie .
i enjoyed this movie ,
and it seems he did some rather bad thing to coerce a confession out of the boy .
me i just enjoyed sean connery 's character
this was a horrible misfire .
but that movie did have a few funny moment .
that someone as great as peter seller was in this movie .
not recommended for anyone .
is pretty lame ,
the setting and actor make this television movie for me the best rendition of dicken ' classic tale .
and it is a wonderful life .
a beautiful piece of work ! ! !
excellent ! ! !
who has loved deeply ,
it has a beautiful surreal quality .
love and the meaning of loss.highly recommended for all film lover .
being only imperfectly rendered in the subtitle .
beautifully expressing a wealth of emotion .
and is probably the best human-interest story among those mentioned above .
is unquestionably a man of great courage and principle
unfortunately
this is probably the best i have seen him .
rod tidwell was a fascinating ,
this is an excellent recovery from gooding 's last role in `chill factor '
a film so dreadful
deniro is not a bad comedian ,
he is just such a great dramatic actor
he should not waste his time doing comedy .
including reflection by the real carl brashear and some deleted scene.i enjoyed this film
i rated it a 7/10 .
stages an 'insult ' to himself
and was probably very functional.there is a small slip up .
though he was later perhaps the greatest single figure in mexico 's history ,
* we are reminded of the great crop of top flight movie
raising victor vargas fails terribly in what it tries most to be :
unfortunately
bad directing .
it just gives it a badly-made feel .
you with is what a bad director mr. sollett is .
used to visit and marvel at the beautiful coast
life was messy
full of pathetic superstition and bizarre custom .
is neither unduly sympathetic nor dismissive of the native .
is surprised wei wei was so beautiful then .
it should be my favorite .
if you forget how bad it really is ,
when you try to think of the worst and cheesiest movie ever made
that this is a waste of money
just expect the very worst .
that expecting the worst is underestimating zombi 3 ,
it will not be all that bad .
artistic and good fun .
the character relate well and the writing is not bad
and enjoy something fun in an old fashioned way .
it is rare you come across such a heartwarming flick
full of fun
shadow is a wonderful character
and then the fantastic ending ,
the majority the normal waste of time
having only seen richard dean anderson in macgyver and stargate i was surprised with his excellent performance rather than the rather gamut of expression from a-b
all in all a highly recommended film .
while the set are beautiful ,
bruce greenwood is wasted ,
and madonna is so awful ,
why they had to butcher the original film into this mess ,
1/10 .
charmless and rank as one of the worst performance of the year .
that is actually funny .
because his movie are going from painfully humorless to excruciatingly bad.there
there is nothing funny in this awful film .
including dea messing as lisa and hank azarium as claude ,
are annoying .
azarium 's accent is not only stupid ,
it is terribly unfunny.the premise of `` along came polly ''
unfortunately
instead of this lame
dull
boring excuse for a comedy .
but it is indeed a great film .
look for the great cinematography
and listen to badalamanti 's score and the main theme
farnsworth puts in one of his best performance in this film ,
9/10 .
as to why this film is so bad ,
his name crops up in several of the worst movie of all time ,
1.this was a boring telecast 2.halle berry and denzel washington
this was one of the best academy award show
`` black actress '' win an academy award for best actress so many of our black sister have been ignored by the academy for many years.to
the havana sequences where simmon and brando dance up a storm were excellent .
also loved stubby kaye 's `` sit down ,
guy and doll is not a great film musical
that was musical precision and perfection
and immediately upon arriving he insults lance armstrong
one of the greatest athlete
when terrible thing happen
4/10
to be one of the blandest film i
it is dull
predictable
unfunny
poorly acted and poorly written .
unfortunately
the first half was largely unfunny
the serious scene were handled poorly
i would have enjoyed the film a little more
the other and sister relationship was very weak
and it was hard to get involved with the movie with such unmotivated character.the acting was mostly weak
she was funny
but it is too bad
bridget moynahan was very weak and her performance ringed false on every level .
i can usually rely on molly shannon to be funny in a supporting role
but here she was just annoying .
and she was annoying in both of them .
gray matter is a lame film
rating 3/10
who directed the solid `` rohtenburg '' ,
a laughable aspect is wes and jonathan craven 's addition of a sympathetic mutant
weisz will be blamed for this dull debacle ,
unfortunately .
no matter how bad it is .
that is somewhere in between being so bad
and so bad
just plain bad ,
great middle-of-the-night fare
the plot is plain stupid ,
the directing is awful ,
acting was mediocre
even the music was a cheap copy of so-called `` horror soundtrack '' .
-- horrible ) .
but it made fun of itself
and had great allusion to asian cinema
( showing the `` creep 's '' face in the middle of the movie was a very bad decision ) ;
the dialog is boring ,
the movie so great
and all went on to greater thing .
though leslie howard was a wonderful actor and attractive ,
and the subtlety of film acting would emerge later for her .
mildred 's deterioration is absolutely pathetic
as philip seems to gain strength as her spirit fades.an excellent film
in which to see the burgeoning of one of film 's greatest star .
david straithern is a wonderful crazy villain .
gillian welch 's tune are wonderful
and the entire score is gorgeous hill country music.this film is wonderfully atmospheric .
this movie insults the intelligence of everybody .
but their strong chemistry together made for a much more enjoyable movie .
this movie ought to mind the excellent movie
if this movie had come out after the current wave of movie with beautiful woman `` uglying '' themselves up for role
the first contact is a bad
movie is an understatement of incredible proportion .
this movie is badly done ,
the dialog is worse
everything else is just badly paced
and there mixed with stupidity and blended
was an extreme disappointment ,
combined with excellent use of scenery
funny moment
excellent performance
fantastic pacing and flow .
boring scenery
( 20 minute staring at a bland beach at night ?
terrible cinematography
forgettable dialog
nothing funny or humorous
you just wasted your life for two hour
that claim this is what makes fffc a great movie ,
if it was not coupled with `` boring ''
and `` terrible '' .
that fffc was terrible
this film is the best thing
it was great to see bosworth and kudrow in such difficult role .
it is not that great news for mom
fair to mediocre best sum up this film .
but are overshadowed with bad acting ,
stupid dialog
weak script
and predictable clich\u00e9s ...
it is good fun .
campy requires bad acting ,
sac ii is pretty boring ,
for who picked the worst.the night
it was voted the best ,
due to semblance of plot and fun costuming.this is certainly a silly
this one is fun ,
it is rare that i sit down in front of the tv
it is even rarer
but last of the blonde bombshell was one of the best movie i think
and an excellent
and takes us on a wonderful ride through spoofing gangster film .
the best character is johnny 's crimelord rival
which was prepared with great care ,
this is my favorite
but i enjoyed him very much :
and his choleric outburst against frank churchill are quite funny .
where they manage to cause one stupid disaster after another .
of all the ridiculous
unfunny money-spinning sequel this one beats the lot .
is awful
unforgettable rendering of a wartime story
sadly
cheap and bad use of stock footage of rider falling off horse .
tedious stooge-like bi-play between scott and charlie
this movie has the worst acting
they want to get the mermaid to fall in love with the `` hunk '' .this is a preteen flick with acting so bad ,
this movie has all the clich\u00e9s possible ... the best friend
but i thought this was great !
but this was a great picture .
they were great .
`` the sopranos '' field a great supporting cast
who played tony 's dreadful mother .
the third season was great ,
was the weakest season yet
but ended with an unforgettable final season this year ) .
than all the competition during a particularly bad year ,
tiempo de valiente is a very fun action comedy.after his great fist movie
damian szifron made another great work.tiempo de valiente look
are two great actor and here ,
they have great performances.the movie is very fun and funny
and it has superb moment.tiempo de valiente is a very fun action comedy
if you wan na have a great time.and i
and it is dull
it was apparently only getting set to take off on a different and equally dull path .
2/10 .
most of it is not very funny .
much less amusing.what is really ashame is the premise is not bad at all .
and move on in pursuit of the film 's lame romance.the same with catherine zeta-jone ' character
not this piece of sh*t though.the first five minute set the tone by weak porn-movie quality acting ,
it gets worse after that .
and yet it is not bad in a way
that would make it funny to watch .
it is just horrible .
even if they are bad .
given to those beautiful curf
this are perfectly fine
just excuses to put together a movie full of beauty ( the car that is ) that can rip down the tarmac in probably the most boring fashion possible
that they are the baddest ass with an engine ,
that are just plain laughable
just pretty faces with lot of air unfortunately .
with bad acting
bad line and bad action .
the set up was great .
i would give it 6.5/10 .
first this movie was not that bad.it was entertaining ... at least to me for probably all the wrong reason .
stupid.thing get weirder
i found the movie laughable at time particularly
i have never been more disappointed with a film !
mississip 's character rank among one of the worst stereotype i have ever witnessed - his accent is terribly exaggerated
he manages only to detract from the already weak plot .
totally because of its weak plot line and weak cast .
and his annoying mystery-loving goody two-shoes daughter
that alesia has a great body
but the good outweigh the bad
this would be bad .
but the really awful part of the movie is the dialog .
silly and stupid .
for following this movie through.i have had my share of cheesy and bad movie
and the totally flabbergastingly bad dialog will make you cringe .
their health and well being is taken care of after the killing ends.the best film of the festival so far
the skit are painfully unfunny
and the film is crude just for the sake of being crude ... and stupid .
a group of 8 year-old could have easily made a funnier film with the same budget.apparently this film
no matter that the film is repellent junk from start to finish and 99 % unfunny
ebola is funnier ) ...
it is amazing his career could overcome this .
once the flame begins to catch ,
adapted very smartly from what is probably an excellent novel ,
one of the greatest cast ever assembled in 100+ year of movie-making .
wonderful work from everyone ,
and what a pleasure to see such excellent stage actor as barry bostwick and eileen atkin contributing sharp
that was a bad start
that woman and man are basically the same is an insult to everyone 's intelligence .
it was one of the best movie of the recent asian horror-cinema .
what a disappointment ... `` bangkok haunted '' are three story about love
i can not even fill the 10 line required for the comment ... 100 % boring .
2/10
the set look phony.there are two great strength in this show
the visual performance are perfect .
her great beauty and simple
that make this great ,
perfect.so we have here a flawed but very interesting version .
but i still greatly enjoyed this version
four for venice is not only awful ,
but really awful .
so awful ,
that even the beautiful scenery in venice fail to pull up the reputation of the film .
but driven by jealousy and an obsessive-compulsive disorder
its witty and has a great flow .
without the absolutely fantastic performance from corbin bernsen .
compared to the original.ttkk 's bottomline - a fun movie with some scene
by a great performance from bernsen
this movie was incredible .
it is an amazing story
with amazing actor and creator .
definitely another great movie with denzel washington .
derek luke did a wonderful job as well .
the material is dull
dull
dull ,
and to have to listen to the unfunny will ferrell do his woody allen imitation makes me loathe the second-rate
( george bailey 's great tome of 30 year ago
the female lead was a terrible actress
which made the whole movie mediocre .
everyone else was excellent .
boring and the acting far too strident for the screen
weak script
and laughable continuity in editing this mess together .
it was any gem to start with .
i feel bad for the two actor whose legacy is marred by this disaster
that the team at priority film does with great success .
it is great and a film
unfortunately for sarah silverman this show does not compliment her at all.the character is not even remotely likable
because she is the only semi funny one in it.the mood ,
the dialogue it is all so damn boring and dry it is like listening to your grandpa go on and on about the marble he collected as a kid.the sarah silverman program is so unbelievably boring that i was thinking of changing the channel to watch old repeat of married with child something that is funny because the character are so `` immoral '' and `` rude '' .i am sorry but i do not find a show packed with dry humour and corny off the wall story line about some angry
bitter life with her annoying as hell sister and gay friend
this show is boring with character
and fails it either needs a laugh track or better writers.someone
and will not become an annoying troll meaning
it could have been one of the best .
this must be one of the best-sustained series in movie history .
her editor discourages her from working on this lame story .
great stuff ,
his job was a little bit dull .
while attending her funeral ,
in support are solid turn by bernard hepton
messing with the color on the screen
go ahead and waste an hour and 30 minute and check this out.mr hopkins ,
that relies a little more on great storytelling than camera technique
laughably bad ,
sequel \u00b4dollman vs. demonic toys\u00b4 is reportedly even worse
barely visible.vanessa william ' character was strong and sympathetic .
such a horrible flaw ,
that the comedy was lost on this neighbour and cultural cousin of the great satan .
but no one should avoid this movie
and that is the only plus to this mess.this is 180 min 's ( yes 3 hour ) long
it is not too terrible .
may be disappointed with the creative license
ledger performance in the title role is quite solid ,
taking the mantle of cinema 's best ned
a great footballer but a poor actor .
( or risk losing funding ) ,
it is ridiculous \u0096 at best .
this is a poorly-made piece of garbage .
really poor soft core porn
it is not as great a film
it was her favorite movie ) .
but due to the better section of this film noir ,
citizen kane was not recognized as the great movie
his best job in this period was as edward rochester in jane eyre ,
for five year in hollywood it was barely a great record.welle
that it was a great thriller .
it was really pretty bad .
a crippled criminal lawyer with a great reputation .
and this leads to the famous `` fun house '' sequence and the conclusion of the film.it is a terribly confusing movie
( possibly that fine actor 's best film role ) .
he rarely made movie before the lady from shanghai ,
and his slimy grisby is unforgettable .
and shows several beautiful shot of the city and the port .
barman has an excellent use of the camera
especially the party is filled with excellent music.this movie is an experience on itself ,
and not waste it ,
the movie has been faulted for amateurish acting and weak special effect .
this film is excellent .
was excellently done and genuinely creepy .
almost everything about it was terrible .
everyone i saw walking out of that cinema had look of confusion and disappointment on their faces .
to warm other person about this horrible and very very bad `` horror '' film .
do not waste your time or money on this film ,
the acting is bad ,
the story is just one of the worst i have come across
and the script was just awful .
it was just so bad ,
how a film so terrible could be made .
also what annoyed me was how stupid thing happened in the film
there are far more great horror film out there ,
just do not waste your time life is too short .
even the greatest director of all-time can not do anything .
if you script is bland .
anil kapoor
akshay kumar is great actor ,
kareena kapoor has never looked so hot .
manoj phawa and yashpal sharma are wasted .
'tashan ' is a boring film .
but it is ) at least for an award winning performance from former `` play school '' and `` better home and garden '' presenter noni hazlehurst.10/10
not explained in any great depth .
which ruins the movie person have mentioned the rather poor production value of cold heaven and it`s impossible not to notice them .
which are totally flat on screen cheap production value
disinterested directing and a really bizarre premise and screenplay make for a bad movie
i have enjoyed
his subtle wit comes through in spade .
then how about the best one ... danny trejo .
though this movie fails to teach
though it is definitely not friday/saturday night fare.it rate a 7.7/10 from ... the fiend : .
to my surprise i found it enjoyable .
and turn was unpredictable and exciting
who was good or bad
this is a great doomed futureistic action/science fiction movie .
there are great action and fight scene ;
but this one it one of my favorite .
carman is one of the best film i
whose performance is best :
cristina hoyos and laura del sol are superb.they dance their soul out .
it is a beautiful tale of inseparability of life and myth ;
i loved this excellent movie .
this movie is a perfect example of an excellent book
jacob have i loved is quite possibly the worst film
and the editing is awful .
the music is straight from a synthesizer and sounds unbelievably terrible .
as it is chock full of bad cut-scene
bad transition and acting
and do not waste your time with this film .
this is beyond predictable ,
it is not particularly bad ,
stowe has an annoying cher-esque voice .
it is a pretty pointless film is not it ?
i will give it 3/10 for some reason .
that it was the worst film i
and you should not bother to watch it the actor were rubbish the camera was awful
the picture was bad
that hollywood should concentrate on remaking bad movie
while this remake was not a total waste ,
lot of violence and one of the worst ending i
and what the hell billy bob thornton and charlize theron were doing signing up for this mediocre waste of time is beyond me .
do not waste your time on this 'film ' .
and could not wait for the end.if this is the best the film maker can do ,
is a beautiful heiress
the acting is amazing
with watson very fine as the beautiful little rich girl and turturro utter perfection as the shy
as the overbearing mother and the other cast member are wonderful as well .
great acting
because it talks about panama city and the beach in the winter time which is my favorite time to be there .
and she was great
and i have enjoyed every other thing
but `` lady '' is an enjoyable film in its own right
the supporting cast is made up of familiar and beloved character actor of the period ,
that almost equals cagney's.rain-as-belasco perfectly captures
rain gives a tremendously enjoyable ,
superbly observed ,
found enjoyable anyway
that spoof worked very well indeed.unfortunately ,
what a waste of talent !
`` the incredible melting man '' would be a lot of fun.it really was not .
the acting was entertainingly bad ,
contained some classic bad line and the special effect
so i should have loved it .
unfortunately it is really draggy between these highlight .
that is how boring this film is.nevertheless ,
if you love bad movie
to be fair to the poor man ,
he does have to deliver some amazingly inept line with straight face - like the conversation
unfortunately his plan fails
but unfortunately it goes on and on ,
and the incredible melting dude just dangles about making a sticky mess
the main reason i found it to be a bad movie
its really boring *laughs* although the acting is great ,
that make this movie so truly disappointing .
and not his step-father would be bad enough ,
what he did was not an act of great loyalty
it was an amazing life with a strange end .
my choice for greatest movie ever used to be laughton 's `` night of the hunter ''
which remains superb in my canon .
and enjoyed the second half of the movie ,
will be absolutely captivated by the beautifully drawn image and wonderful music in this heartfelt and humorous re-write of the grimms ' fairytale .
ziab la ta'kol al lahem is an awful movie.this
without a clear link.acting is also very bad ,
nude scene are very rare in arab cinema
that led me to vote this film as an awful one
if you want a good arab movie ziab la ta'kol al lahm is not the one recommended.but
this show has a great storyline !
but the kid are wonderful too .
kenneth branagh shows off his excellent skill in both acting
kate winslet 's performance is also of great note .
but the worst movie ever ?
this movie was terrible in way person
but it is in no way worse than mano :
it is terrible .
but there are worse movie .
( only he is much less sympathetic )
and wears a dead badger on his head .
a badger !
but anyway..photowise it is boring .
though it is really annoying to be a film student
multi-gendered audience of mostly-adult raved about the film 's fantastic storyline
and fantastic portrayal of `` real teen life . ''
this is a film best
would be a great path
is a much stronger message than the lonely personal heroism of 'high noon . '
'concho ' is a phenomenal precursor of one my other all-time favorite
a bit disappointed .
reese witherspoon is as promised surprisingly good ,
surprisingly confident
really all the ( small ) cast are quite solid
this scene is surprisingly utal ,
and i loved
and get killed.7/10 on my pretty harsh rating scale .
for some reason i found jason london on a tractor funny .
without any of the redeeming quality .
except that this is worse ,
mind-numbingly boring
and a terrible waste of expensive beautiful car ,
this is of of sammo 's great early comedy film .
nominal story about how his fighting keep causing his loved one trouble
.the funniest bit of this movie was purely unintentional .
i was a not bad horror/comedy movie .
it was filmed using a home video camera with a grainy-look.great made-for-tv movie .
but this one just missed me and the old funny bone completely .
i have enjoyed the wit and talent of bilko '96 co-star dan akroyd and the late phil hartman .
this movie is not in the imdb worst 250 ,
it is absolutely terrible .
because it was so horrible .
because they could not believe anything was as bad
this series is a gem within its kind .
the young and beautiful xica da silva finds her world threatened
at time funny with a sarcastic and dark humor
beautiful river and cityscapes.this movie move ahead at such a pace
that this `` re-imagining '' of the original 1968 film was a huge disappointment .
cool director hollywood has produced.i am personally a great fan of his work ,
i really enjoyed the original film .
it had indeed a clear cut message .
an obvious anti-war message .
no message
the dark and creepy setting were excellent
and it is extremely badly thought out .
the script is very lame
and why the ruled the planet was indeed very stupid
the bad surprise ending was just plane dumb .
some of the cast was great .
to give beowulf a ridiculous cannon/crossbow weapon .
avoid this film at all cost .
i am truly disappointed .
a full member of the great unwashed
unfortunately
as the worst film i have ever seen in my short but otherwise sweet life.it was touted as the best film in montreal 's most recent film festival ,
the \u00fcber-annoying woman hitchhiker
that were the austrian equivalent of `` you are so lame ! ''
looking for funding .
if that was the best us montrealer could find .
the star quality in this movie is not bad .
the most annoying part of the movie was the violin player .
i caught the minion and boy was i ever disappointed .
this movie is utterly terrible .
with action sequence so poorly staged
and badly edited you can barely make coherent sense in the fight arena .
worst of all is lundgren 's woefully unconvincing perf as a tough guy priest
all of this made worse
( which was bad but better than this )
overall this movie is the worst movie i
it is awful
( awful )
this movie is awful .
i do not feel bad
and it is a rare chance to hear scottish gaelic spoken .
but the sound of spoken gaelic is nonetheless wonderful .
as there were a number of unusual funny scene
surprisingly
if you want a light touch of fun ,
terrible ... just terrible .
probably the worst film i have ever seen .
and i did see some pretty bad picture
( meaning funny ,
because they are so bad )
this show looks pretty cheaply made .
some of the actor are terrible .
`` it is so bad
learn to have a little fun .
one of the best movie i had seen.now ,
it is a little stupid ,
if you enjoyed `` excellent adventure '' ,
you should most likely have fun with `` bogus journey '' .
only this one is actually funny .
and if you enjoyed the first one ,
it is just a funny movie with some memorable character .
that is all.7/10
the best training ever .
his best was just fodder for bored teenager .
the story is double lame .
and more enjoyable thriller had the main character
not been so stupid .
the film is not all that great
another fantastic film from a country ,
where due to decade of oppression from fundamentalist regime ,
while still getting across his message of what he sees as being inherently wrong with his country ,
the greatest pity is it will not be released domestically .
it on 35mm is amazing
it looks fantastic .
there happens to be an otherwise boring scene
for doing the best
but there is really nothing wrong with a laughable western like this .
just like a really bad old horror movie ,
but that never had anything to do with a bad script .
emma takes great delight in the romantic notion of playing cupid
that is entirely entertaining and enjoyable .
with a wonderful cast ,
who won the oscar for best actress for `shakespeare in love ' two year
' `hush ' and `a perfect murder ' --
she is absolutely perfect .
he is perfect ;
also excellent in supporting role and worthy of mention are toni collette
i rate this one 9/10 .
but boring your audience to groan is not the way
a dreadful film .
there is a fantastic scene
and as its one of his best and most provocative
( effectively sympathetic ivan desny )
that is not fascinating .
to already being with a man or too weak in a position to rise anywhere
she says of the two man- the american soldier and poor old and sick oswald-
that should be predictable .
it is such an incredible performance
and schygulla wonderfully gets it down ,
this is what fassbinder capture in his wonderful first part of his `` trilogy '' ;
disappointing
predictable film
the antic of comedian arthur askey are not as funny
great fun for a dark ( and
this is the film 's greatest strength :
makes this flick very enjoyable .
4/10 .
but the sullen musical score can get a bit ridiculous
it is surprisingly tedious and shallow
cheap
afterward becoming boring and lasting entirely too long.the video was filmed in a very creative way though .
i very much enjoyed the film of one thing with a voice dub over another .
it played out excellent
a cowboy sympathetic to the plight of a nearby indian tribe is wrongly accused in the rape and murder of the chief 's daughter ,
leading to much hate and violence.this crackpot nudie feature is fun
the terrible costume and the fact
i alway let out a groan of disappointment
not simply for directing the best action sequence around ,
the latter half of the movie becomes just another tedious chased-through-dark-corridor scenario .
frequently voted china 's greatest film ever by chinese critic
blandly directed and acted
and is actually kind of dull
the camp i went to were not even this great .
the character funny and believable especially perkin
this movie was lame ...
it was funny
beautifully scripted
despite the lavish production number and wonderful costume this film is a chore to watch .
are badly staged and poorly photographed .
they go to great length
this movie shows how beautiful catalunya is
i loved this movie .
who loved the batman series from the 60 's should
have enjoyed return to the batcave .
the actor had a lot of fun
the small town sheriff lament .
it is a fun family movie .
i found the whole affair tremendously disappointing .
than to sit through this piece of waste once more .
this is a great film .
than hong sang-soo really is `` asian cinema 's best kept secret '' .
i enjoyed it more .
one of the worst film i have ever seen .
how to define `` worst ? ''
the worst part of this mess -
worst special effect ?
the rampant stupidity
gave elvis a dea badge
to describe this stupid movie .
this is truly a horrible
horrible film .
it is such a bad movie
mira sorvino is so bad in the movie ,
it is so ridiculous.and the dialog of the film is so pretentious ,
the movie is great and i like the story .
it fails badly at both .
would anybody make such a poorly constructed movie .
but the further you get the more ridiculous
but beware of its flaws.7/10
it is not a great surprise
and executed the perfect murder .
as if dodgy lead were not bad enough
that would send anybody to sleep and a highly predictable
even a pointless nude scene by bullock would not redeem it .
forgettable
predictable and redundant - this is one film
-- largely on the basis of gene kelly 's incredible dancing talent and choreography ,
and kelly and caron dance beautifully .
finding this movie funny .
i loved `` bringing up baby '' ,
the punch at some church function probably was spiked ,
so the outcome of this movie is really the funny part .
i do not like `` it is a wonderful life '' either .
so decisive.the most beautiful thing about page 3 is it does not take side .
and yet like any mediocre movie does not come up with an solution .
which is all the more apathetic .
was one of the worst season in any show i
have ever enjoyed
give fantastic performance in ( almost )
the best one is probably fez
`` '70s '' is a terrific show with amazing writing
but this one gives such movie a pretty bad name.all in all ,
so do not waste your time on this .
it was even worse than i thought
quite possibly the stupidest idea ever created ;
hilarious ... possibly the best writing i have ever witnessed.22 minute of caveman with horrible makeup
how bad the recent idea are
so that i can have a new title for the worst show i
that this is worse than `` viva laughlin . ''
the audience not only learns a great deal about early mining rescue procedure but ,
my friend and i had so much fun laughing at it
now when all my friend are looking for a funny movie
i loved the credit at the end of the movie as well .
in short a great movie if you are looking for something to laugh at .
they are not the best thing
it is perfect .
hamill does an excellent job with his dramatic character development .
the best climax is when luke shouts `` nooo ! ''
what an amazing man ! already
alec guiness was the perfect guy
more than shame is the simple disappointment
that is trash but funny and with at least some competence to the junk-food craft
where it is not even a whole lot of fun
that a filmmaker can tackle even if the script is not very funny or scary
you have better way to waste your time
what a horrid movie.the production was so cheap
a really bad film
a really bad film .
directing this wonderful picture where life is viewed through the mind and heart of paulie .
this is great ,
and he is surprisingly forgiving of her not being around for the last two year .
and the worst part
like my other least favorite movie ever
i can see both messing and mcdermott in these role with a better writer
as one of the worst movie i have ever wasted time on .
so all i wasted was time .
all the acting was superb
where they were actually funny .
dan cortese was amazing .
i loved him in this role .
or else you will find yourself totally lost in this mess .
it cost me two dollar and due to the rareness of this movie i feel
and play even worse here .
beautiful ,
( who looks surprisingly like willie nelson )
unfortunately
played by brad rijn.young mr. rijn contributes the worst performance in the film ,
in fact one of the worst acting job i have seen in a long time .
that one of the best is probably one of the least seen.zorro 's fighting legion is a bit different from other zorro film .
this represents one of the best republic serial of all time ,
and probably the best zorro one.the plot is stronger than most serial
and there is lot of great action
this is a taut suspenseful masterpiece from brian de palmawith amazing performance all around ! .
and the score is fantastic ,
with a fantastic opening and a shocking and unpredictable finale ! .
this is unquestionably one of the best horror/thriller i
plus michael caine is simply amazing in this ! .
the ending is excellent ,
plus nancy allen and keith gordon had fantastic chemistry together ! .
with amazing performance all around ! .
the direction is incredible ! .
brian de palma does an incredible job here ,
with amazing camera work ,
incredible angle ,
fantastic use of color ,
awesome zoom in 's and zoom out 's great pov shot
and 2 bloody slit throats.the acting is amazing ! .
michael caine is amazing here ,
he is amazing in the acting department
and really just did an amazing job overall i loved him !
and was quite beautiful ,
and is fantastic here ,
had excellent chemistry with keith gordon ,
he had excellent chemistry with nancy allen ,
overall this is unquestionably one of the best horror film ever made ,
if thou you happen to like cheap b-movie like me
and no they sounded just as bad live
if you find grass growing to much fun but good to watch
`` secret of the len '' is perhaps a pretty campy all-time favorite of mine .
the best and funniest from kajawari yoshiaki ,
he did more campiness like this.my favorite scene are the psychedelic cg sequence ,
( one of the funniest scene )
and whenever my favorite character
this is the worst episode of the worst season of `` profiler ''
one of the best ,
not that anyone in this movie was that great .
who boringly speak about the human condition .
and with rare exception of a few z-rated outing ,
maybe even a cheap shot at the current presidential administration .
that should have made this inherently funny ,
because it is that bad ,
i mostly enjoyed the terrible fog effect
much worse than evil dead ,
the best thing for most person would be to have a few drink ,
one of the worst movie i have seen shoddy camera work
script was terrible ,
how predictable was the big battle at the end ...
... .some scene were so bad
oh can not forget how the bad assassin roll around in the same vehicle throughout
and only hint of sex in them.the acting is awful
the character boring and flat
the portrayal of oxford an absolute insult
how bad would a movie have to be ,
this movie is that bad .
movie often become so bad
this movie is beyond that stage of bad-ness .
it is painfully bad .
crime-against-humanity bad .
poor pattus - she just trusted too much ,
just for the great laughs you will have .
i give this film a 95/100 .
a wonderful film by powell and pressburger ,
beautifully shot and acted ,
fun to see a very young richard attenborough .
my only disappointment was that some of the original song were changed.it is true that frank sinatra does not get a chance
that fit and i could not see someone with this great voice
jean simmon was perfect for this part .
and it is one of my favorite of that period .
and usually he ends up with badly acted scene
involving three right wing christian fundamentalist and a very highly ranked nazi in a prison cell .
very much recommended .
this movie is almost an insult to those
it was one of the most fantastic and most intelligent made tv-show ever .
it was definitely the best of all .
it was the best .
that my favorite character in the show were saber
it is the best .
everybody thinks this is so great .
no other then that it got pretty stupid .
she was so bad .
the over all movie was just stupid .
you can do worse
than pointing them at this movie.quite simply it is the perfect combination of story
.the sense of otherworldliness is heightened by jack cardiff 's photography and the incredible production designs.the supreme touch extend to the heaven shot
( a fantastic marius goring )
this is one of the weakest soft porn film around .
i can not believe somebody wrote this stupid story
the plot is boring
that could have been great .
not a bad showing .
i loved the bit at the end
that the film tashan would be a good movie with great pleasure ,
to take as an actress kareena kapoor .
the talent anil kapoor was involved in this stupid movie .
the style and the phoormola is not really good in this film i was disappointed
will almost certainly be disappointed by extremity .
the photographic composition is stunning and the film gives so much insight and 'fills out ' the story the photographs tell.recommended
24 has got to be the best spy/adventure series tv had ever aired .
and jack bauer is one of the greatest protagonist in a tv series in a long time .
my three most favorite tv series.this first episode begin with the conspiracy
begin an adventure on the best political style and ,
what is best of it ,
sam fuller 's excellent pick up on south street is the pick of the bunch from a number of early 50 's cold war-influenced low-budget noir vehicle .
he is amazing to watch .
widmark 's unpredictability is perhaps best expressed in his scene with peter ;
fuller loved a good close-up ,
uncompromisingly modern look.10/10 .
it was the greatest show ever ! ! !
there is a really funny part in every episode
those were the best episode .
`` that '70s show is the best '' ... .
it will be and always will be the best show ever .
every minute of the movie is rich and engrossing ... from the train chase to the amazing air-flying sequence ...
not to mention the excellent score by joe hisaishi !
he made a great start with this film.the film about a girl
she really does give a great performance in this film.hans zimmer 's score is also ace .
awful is just the first name .
even if they were not such bad actor ,
this is great cinematography !
though not looking that great --
and the baddest actress i have ever seen .
now this is getting fun .
and reference and all are below the waste line .
the mafia hit man are about the take revenge on the poor guy
side splitting funny
unfortunately it is none of those .
with no amateur actor.it is pretty boring and predictable
a waste of time and energy
as i unfortunately did .
because greater imagination would be required ;
i think poorly of tv 's reality show
this has to be some of the worst direction i
tony scott has some very beautiful scenery
the beautiful estate
unfortunately we only catch quick glimpse of these place
it is just bad writing .
this movie was never going to be great ,
in this day and age of incredible special movie effect ,
this one was a sore disappointment .
much less creating such a weak film as this one .
stefan sauk is laughable as the `` cool '' special force man
to rely just on that.i rate this 4/10 for effort .
but it is such a funny film ,
that i enjoyed .
and always end badly .
but he also somehow sucked all the interest out of the movie with poor casting choice
dull
and no fun to watch ... with the vivid exception of the spectacle of the main character getting ... .thinner
`` thinner '' is by no means the worst king movie ever made
( or even the second worst ) .
and it does have a dreadful ,
that `` gunslinger '' was not quite as god-awful as most of the movie
and having to fight off baddy ,
the movie is pretty predictable .
that you will probably want to watch the `` mst3k '' version
they had a great time with it .
with the great war
for all intent and purposes.fun to spot `` extra ''
since that was my great grandmother 's maiden name.this is a carefully modulated film
from that point to the end its a straight run to the finish with very little of the fun
its a great dark and stormy night film .
yet for all this razzmatazz the production fails
are a handful of ripe clich\u00e9s alongside and worst of all ,
these initially good idea are just left to go to waste ,
but could not agree or decide on how to best use them and as such lose their purpose and point .
and too much is just simply ridiculous .
worst of all though
unfortunately
i enjoyed the film
as if i had wasted the ninety minute i had just sat through ,
and unfortunately i fail to work up the energy to even care .
though for reason best left to the power
as this film is dull
dull
dull .
when you can hammer the point home with terrible voice over ,
to describe how bad this is .
hackneyed - all candidate for best description ,
but dull seems most appropriate and honest .
rarely with less imagination or flare .
the best movie i have ever seen .
and the actor are amazing -
in excellent role as sho and kei .
it was fun to see them in this ,
genuine fun is in store
as a happy noel becomes a hilarious dysfunctional nightmare .
this has to be the funniest stand up comedy i
it is funny .
doing stupid thing ,
watchable but not even close to being a favorite .
andie macdowell 's facial expression are great again in this movie .
where the other woman 's jealousy override and a scene was set up
for such a beautiful woman
which gives his work a rare clarity .
and that it has in howard a perfect philip carey .
the movie is a poor copy of the first cruel intention .
are very poor substitute indeed .
the tie-in with the photography/ '' you could be a model '' comment at the end was totally lame
this movie was a waste of time .
will only be disappointed .
it is also great seeing noni hazlehurst in this role ,
she is just fantastic as nora
and it is great watching her really acting ,
i had a lot of fun ,
mehbooba ... a total insult to the original one holi ... .
chad raha hai nasha whatever ... very unneeded stupid song jee le ... sounded like a playboy song stupid song ... other than song .
like that you will like this moviewell this movie only depends on the viewer and on his judgement
that he made ... well some other thing that bothered that the cast was incredibly badamitabh bachchan as babban/gabbar ( amitabh in his own movie remake funny what was the director thinking )
( i think esha deol would have been great ) mohanlal as narishma/thakur
just for watchingthe overall ratingdirection ... 8/10 i got to him some credit cinematography ... 9/10 script ...
3/10 bad scripting song ... 5/10 unnecessary in the movie ,
easy on the ears on to be played in pc 's and ipod 's and stuff cast ... 1/10total ... 3/10syed shabbir aly naqvi from pakistan
this is about the worst movie i
the `` eye candy '' of this movie looked to be a 50 woman with a bad face lift .
that the man were not bad to look at
but have they ever loved you back ? ''
both lead performance are excellent
his smarter but boring and conventional wife
along with the idiotic sidekick for `` comic '' relief-it sorely needs it.stale predictable joke
with even more predictable reaction from the laughtrack
that obnoxious character is everywhere ,
arrow boy teams up with a guy in a bad wig ,
it gets boring.i kept having to play with the ightness setting on my tv anywayjust
what mst3k could have done with this !
alexa '' is an absolute horrible rip off of luc besson 's classic film `` la femme nikitum ''
simpson is perhaps the worst in cinema history .
lamas ' `` acting '' is simply a bad steven segal impersonation .
and acting is so poor in this film at time
it is laughable .
it is ridiculous :
bad ponytail
this obviously lacks the beautiful howard stern orchestra musical score and the spielberg special effect .
bad angle ,
and bad blood scenes.take for example when our star and violent fiend
then avoid it .
do not waste your money .
a fascinating look at the relationship of a single father in 1998 and a single mother in 1881 ,
the cure is an amazing film ...
eric giovon did an amazing job .
the shooting style of the love scene halfway into the film was amazing .
giovon and jafri make an excellent creative team
the cure is one of my favorite films..just love it !
what reviewer and mst3k left out is the best part
of this otherwise dreadful movie :
( cheap i guess ) .
thank to a dull
having previously directed neil simon 's the cheap detective
there is an awful song
there was a message of hope oadcast from transmitter secreted in lampost in one of the last maniacal execution for impending liberation .
i have been disappointed ,
superb in every way - and very different from the trash
we are sadly
natural shot are wonderful ,
to the beautiful photography ,
was still disappointed .
and christiansen is almost as bad .
the whole thing was just laughable from start to finish .
this movie is one of my very favorites .
it is perfect for a gooey
that is funny .
if you are already a fan of peter o'donnell 's wonderful modesty blaise book from the sixty ,
i enjoyed the movie even more for that.now
especially as the wonderful character of willie garvin makes modesty 's character really come alive .
there is a `` perfect actress '' for modesty .
she has a great face - one
great camera move
and then the granny sticks her head in the oven- really beautiful ,
there was a funny moment or two-
i wonder if any film could be worse than this one .
awful acting and awful scenario .
placing the kidnap victim in great peril
because this is one of my favorite book ,
and the movie version did not convey how horrible this house really was .
lara flynn boyle looked terrible due to some really bad cosmetic surgery .
the acting was unremarkable at best .
i doubt you will be disappointed
that were funny like the barbie and ken spoof and the dealer and the president skit .
it was at time funny ,
sadly this movie is dated .
which is a very sweet story.unfortunately ,
any comment would much greatly appreciated .
unfortunately for myself - i stumbled onto this show late
i loved the character
and storyline - but most of all the great actor !
the bad
and the ugly '' is my all time favorite .
the worst western i have ever watched .
the acting was terrible all around .
like i was robbed and deserving of a rental refund
through because it was so bad .
which she thoroughly enjoyed .
it was not the nauseating piece of intelligence-insulting fluff i feared
that they made her a little too bland ,
i have to blame the script :
and it is such a wonderful example of a family jeopardy
everything was just so perfect and excellent about this film .
it was such a great mixture of actor and actress and with some laugh and a lot of cry this film deserves
with the mention of beautiful scenario ,
and wonderful i was sitting on the edge of my seat .
this is a amazingly sad
and should be seen by all for how wonderful it really is .
i loved it ,
that 70s show is the best tv show ever
the first season is great .
funny
and enjoyable.the second season is good ,
and everything is working out great.the third season is my favorite .
that more fun to watch.the fourth season
as the previous season.the fifth season is the last season i enjoyed all the way through .
the fifth season also had the best
it is extremely funny ,
i enjoyed the seventh season
and the ending is great.the last season flat out sucked .
this is a really bad film with bad taste and bad actor .
definitely a waste of money .
moment of elation and disappointment and the allure but insane prospect
and sadly he is not really the main character .
there was a great scene at the end
it was stupid .
stupid.the acting is horrible
but it is what makes the movie so funny .
the whole movie within a movie crap.bad stay away !
that it has to be the best movie all year long .
and did a great job at it
or you will be missing out on a whole lotta fun .
this is when the movie goes wwwaaaaayyyyy downhill.the animation is very bad and cheap
even worse than what i remember from speed racer
it is so cheap
the fx are terrible
the dinosaur look worse than godzilla .
was cracking out joke and comment like the robot and joel/mike on mst3k
because it is stupid ,
i am giving this movie a 3/10 ,
an improvement from the 0.5/10 i was originally going to give it .
3/10 mean pretty much both boring and bad .
as fun as counting to three unless you find a way
to make fun of it ,
then it will become as fun as counting to 15 . )
that i enjoyed it as mush
as i enjoyed the original one .
but what the hell-it is still funny with a lot of good moment
if you wan na have fun and relax after a hard day at work or school .
beta house deserves 6/10
it 7/10 just for being another slice of pie .
but this one was definitely my favorite one .
how this movie escaped the wrath of mst3k i
`` gymkatum '' is a ridiculous action movie
if you enjoy watching poor ,
you will enjoy `` gymkatum '' a great deal.the action center around a gymnast
( played blandly by kurt thomas )
or the really tough shirtless bad guy
at what point exactly does a good movie go bad ?
the movie was funny ,
ten minute into the flick ? every time the movie tried to become `` funny
when a musical score might have helped squeeze life out of this dullard ,
and were beyond lame ;
adds nothing but insult to injury in this awful movie .
should stay with that equally awful medium .
was just plain awful
and literally all stupid horror format were pretty damn profitable ,
and grows up to become a beautiful and charismatic animal .
is pure evil and liquidates annoying neighbor and nosy school teacher in derivative and tamely executed way .
who speaks perfect english .
the `` special '' effect are pathetic
that annoying daughter is the same kid
i love tos and even at its lamest
this movie is awful.nobody but hard-core
the message is just too in your face .
you have to be way more subtle .
ridiculous !
poor direction .
but it was laughable .
that scene in the plane is just stupid .
my favorite shot is the dog
so hard.the music was so bad and so distracting .
as the message was.the writing was bland .
chelsea was the worse :
brad johnson was laughable .
and `` ad johnson is amazing ''
getting the message to a wide audience is a fantastic idea .
film is the best medium possible
unfortunately
that is why2/10
slapstick humor played out by some of hollywood 's best
once.if you want to see the funniest attempt at not really cussing ever filmed ,
deeply character-driven film are great ,
the great lt. columbo himself is no where near his famous
just a shallow and totally predictable crime drama with our familiar lt. columbo
except the lousy acting
wish i did not ... i would just recommend avoiding all of these ghost house film like a fungus and not listen to lordi
her accent is excellent
and her acting performance was surprisingly crisp and well-executed .
it is the best performance i have ever seen from hilary ,
it was worse than i would suspected.a laddish robin i can take ;
who exchange not-very-funny banter with his single henchman
but really not that funny.this much-promised production reminded me of a limping school play .
though it was nowhere near as bad as this .
but this robin fails to stir my blood in the slightest .
but not without his weaknesses.from there ,
the main thing about this movie is that it is fun to watch .
it is rather dull and boring .
it was horrible as well .
that this very french film stands out for its excellent acting .
its perfectly captured mood of 1980 .
fails ,
and how.it is amazing how many so called `` award '' this piece of garbage has got plastered on the cover ... ..
it is that bad.i watched it in 20 minute flat
on almost continual fast forward.from rubbish lighting to dreadful directing
this was one completely and utterly pathetic piece of so-called film making.it seriously ,
has no redeeming quality - whatsoever .
to name but a few.avoid this rubbish at all cost .
do not waste your money or time on this piece of trash pretending
this film is a total waste of time and money .
is a poor excuse for a romantic comedy .
to give rock some time on film for weak stand up comedy
as he insults black and whites the chemistry is all wrong .
the movie is not funny ,
poorly shot
the acting is weak at best .
if there is a message to this film-
that the message would come only after the fact
if not entirely message ,
ever uninteresting or boring .
and on vh so rare it took many month of tracking at various liary ) .
not a minute of that time was wasted ;
the mother and the whore is truly beautiful work
one of the best of french relationship dramas ,
do not waste your money at the video store .
just absolutely awful .
is the weakest of the vacation film
this time they are given a weaker script with very bad dialogue .
with the joke not very funny at all .
4/10 .
they were able to pull out the win in a decent match.shawn michael and mr perfect had been feuding since wrestlemania ix
perfect had then cost michael the intercontinental championship
and was putting it on the line against mr perfect ,
micheal and perfect had an excellent match here ,
pulling perfect out of the ring and throwing him into the steel step for shawn
chokeslamming him after a poor match.next
as he was able to avoid a banzai drop and then body slam yokozuna
instead of searching for reasoning or message
but this film would be an excellent way
i enjoyed it .
i saw virtually no redeeming quality in this movie .
i found this movie surrealistic and ridiculous .
overall the music throughout was horrible and repetitive to the extreme
that left me with a bad feeling .
but still it is not perfect .
the acting was good and bad .
but the os were excellent ' .
the special effect on the other hand was lame .
i hated and loved it at the same time .
like i watched this movie thousand time before.it was absolutely predictable.every time
bad acting ,
bad special effect ...
was a bit funny
while punishing around the bad guys.the pile of muscle was so incredibly stupid ,
i wonder why i waste my time spitting on that shame-of-a-movie ... it will not get worse
( it is funny on its own term and pretty funny unintentionally
only two of the sister are really bad .
are they bad
she is even more bad
is not bad .
the audience is meant to also.it is lot of fun
the set-up and premise were excellent :
what is bad is everything else !
i get tired of endlessly stupid
`` why are you so stupid '' ,
and loved it then .
so seeing the ending of this film reminds me very much of that great night .
was at his best
and still looked great .
the story is actually very funny in part and the 'food fight ' scene is still one of the funniest i
the hot air balloon flight over the napa valley was beautiful
kathryn harrold and eddie albert were excellent in their supporting roles.i am very glad
this includes the best performance of nessun dorma sung by him still on film today !
this is a great little high school soap
and as usual walk through this fun
unfortunately
but this is one of the essential dramas of the great depression
it is just boring
and best of all some of the finest actors.gunga din will remain a classic
to be enjoyed by all
who like good movies.excellent picture ,
and hoped for the best .
why you wasted the 1.5 hour in the film .
scene in blue velvet is laughable .
he is perfect for today 's highly consumerist society :
i loved zizek 's solemn remark -
that music in film can greatly affect person 's sympathy .
so the 1983 adaptation is such a disappointment .
and the lowood scene for me were the best of the adaptation ,
being a milestone and the second probably the best sequel disney has produced ,
although it is not bad ,
the potential is there.4/10
i found envy to be one of the funniest movie in the last decade.the plot of the movie is ridiculous .
because the movie is bad to the point
i could not remember anything of the plot except for vague image of kurt thomas running and fighting against a backdrop of stone wall and disappointment
but is ultimately ruined by bad editing .
i was sorely disappointed .
like the equally dull king of the zombie
it is really one of the greatest movie of all time .
his family is dysfunctional ,
why purple is my favorite color i can thank `` the kid '' for that .
after that it gets worse
and then surprisingly gets better
bad acting and amateurish directing bog down a fairly interesting little story ,
has got to be the most boring person on this planet .
what 3rd world country could of used the money wasted of this crap .
this film is boring the actor are boring waste of colour a waste air
it was pretty lame .
i was pretty mystified by the whole hopalong cassidy/great bar 20 gimmick
as good as watching this one makes you feel bad .
all the player act very poorly .
sir laurence olivier 's voice and delivery is timeless and perfect .
we have now this show seems lame .
avoid the movie .
the animation is crud and the story alternates between boring/pointless to extremely irritating .
and horrible way for me to kick off the film fest ,
making the film an enjoyable experience
that pokes fun at how seriously person believe in the corruption of pornography .
she allows the surprisingly effective gretchen moll ,
i found myself more and more reminded of the great `` hallmark theater '' version of mark twain 's `` roughing it '' ,
it positively avoids anything
that is what the great american novel are all about .
unfortunately
one thing they should consider avoiding completely in the future :
it is awful here .
you have just taken your first step into the incredible melting man ,
the famous late-70 's gore film featuring rick baker 's wonderful makeup effect .
and incredible melting man did not .
that this movie is just mind-numbingly awful .
( `` starring alex rebar as the incredible melting man '' ...
surprisingly little happen during the movie .
that it somehow ends up being a lot of fun ,
is an animated `` blacksploitation '' film .
but unfortunately
it was poorly done
got her in that mess does not make any sense at all.it would been more intriguing
and the ending was one of the worse
( if not the worst )
a waste of time .
has never quite given his best on film
ultimately lovable guy with a subtlety
8/10
but branagh and hbc get 10/10 .
and nodding off to your favorite movie-bomb
and you have got a fun night of improv .
will there be any equipment malfunction at particularly key moment in the film ?
you really have to wonder what some person do for fun ... .i was lucky enough
and it is still dang funny !
great royal dano is especially effective as the lonely
ariana richard and j.j. anderson are great as the lead kid .
do a great jobanother thing
heard of this bad show
one of the best cartoon i have ever seen in my life '' ,
( because i watched this crap and `` my gym partner 's a monkey '' .this is one of the worst show i
with the most stupid song in the world
who has to amazingly intelligent sister ,
this is a bad copy of that old good show ,
except that this show is amazingly bad .
i would not place harry langdon at the top of the list of great silent screen comedian .
all of his trick are reminiscent of the greater funny man ,
but he lacks the acrobatic skill of keaton and the prodigious ingenuity of lloyd .
a trail boss winds up in the yukon gold field with a bad reputation and small chance
good western with many favorite old faces in the lineup .
that is actually worse than a one hour tv episode.in
this is by far the worst vampire movie i have ever seen .
a great many viewer missed entirely the fact
is not a bad movie -
beautiful woman ,
that recognized what it is.my only disappointment was that the only lesbian in the film is a villain
sadly this should have been done
before he made this rubbish.avoid this film ,
if you see it in the shop run away.1/10
some poorly shot
and lot of bad acting and cheap effect .
poor lee look like he is in pain throughout the movie
there was a germanish bleached blonde rutger-wannabe bad guy ,
she looks great
are not all bad .
which was not only trashy but boring as well .
at least this was not boring.pia gets naked a lot and seems miscast as a writer .
and wearing a glittery disco dress.a couple of the scene are funny .
you could find worse on any movie of the week back in the eighty .
tess nanavati is clearly a great screenwriter
this film is a great example of fine storytelling .
the acting is superb .
where they probably made person a tad more good or bad
they showed amazing restraint .
the story is thus made to focus on an extraordinary man in unfortunately ordinary time .
i have been familiar with the fantastic book of 'goodnight mister tom ' for absolutely age
'goodnight mister tom ' was an extremely poor adaption
and practically 4.5/10 of the book was missed out .
that a lot of the character and some great scene in the book were not in this .
anextremely poor adaption
one of the worst i have seen .
it got a lot of bad review .
( the unette woman is as bad as madonna ,
which is laughable here .
the film contains some of the worst dialog i
this is not her worst movie though .
she has not made anything worse than that ... yet .
sean pertwee and a surprisingly hirsute michael chiklis ,
russell 's performance here is one of the best
jason isaacs does a great impression of frank burn from m*a*s*h as a weaselly commanding officer
and excellent sci-fi flick ,
and recommended for anyone
played excellently by busy phillip ,
how much i loved this movie
i did not want to be disappointed.and i
it takes you to the best place in human experience
that does not go from good to bad and back but instead escalates from an ordinary marital spat
that this few minute of film was perfect .
that is perfect !
best known for his role as the indestructible robocop )
who is both sympathetic
is in fact a very good film with a good story line and some very good performances.8/10
loved it .
the other cast member do a great job also .
there is not a boring moment in the whole picture .
this movie was excellent .
and have enjoyed every one of the viewing .
gore fan might be disappointed ,
unfortunately
that vampire could have been a continuing series.is this the best film i
and it will not leave the horror movie lover completely disappointed either .
and graphic it lacks in storytelling and characterization .
the plot for this film is ridiculous .
they had pretty far out story and bad acting
paltrow was just awful .
fun movie to watch
all the time 7/10 is a right vote i think !
a raucously funny and alternately touching tale
moore received a best actor oscar nomination for his performance as arthur bach
moore light up the screen in one of the single funniest performance of the last 50 year .
the late sir john gielgud won a best
there are other funny contribution by barney martin as linda 's father .
sadly
there was also a forgettable sequel several year later ,
that leaves terrible scar
the triumph of the human spirit in the end.we can nit pick on some first effort problem with too many close up and not the best of editing these scene
that is why i give this film a 7/10 .
scarface should be liked and loved but not in the way
his character tony montana was not such a great guy
michelle pfeiffer was not really at her best
on the other hand steven bauer was at his best ,
robert loggia i have always enjoyed watching in just seeing him yell .
they did not fit in perfectly
because of de palma.the writing was great
i have always though of him as a great writer and to me he proves this once again with scarface .
was good but not that great .
it is certainly not my favorite from giorgio moroder .
not amazing but really
you could blame everything on and fell better about yourself doing it .
or allow ourself to do bad thing
it is a really fun film .
his opening scene is a classic.it is a simple story with a very predictable end and a middle
that is just a series of funny incident with some character-building moment
but good for a fun hour or so.7/10
this is a dull
boring stinker of a film
who 's really a great guy ,
( whose bestselling book
unfortunately
the acting is bland and uninspired
the potential for suspense is thwarted at every turn- except during the last five minutes- by poor directing and anticipatory editing ;
.and then there are the moment of extreme ridiculousness ,
this movie is just awful .
and the plot is soooo bad .
the main character is just plain annoying
this is probably the worst movie i have ever seen .
to label this a comedy is an insult to mankind .
superb wall-to-wall gershwin music
and great performance by kelly
this is my favorite movie of all time
this is a wonderful movie about a othel in a fishing village ,
that could be best described with scene constellation and direction of old kurosawa 's work ,
and beautiful some scene stay really imprinted in my mind .
the plot is interesting and unpredictable
a lovely and fascinating tribute to kurosawa
after all and i \u2019 ve given good review to some pretty bad flick .
the acting was not bad
not even the presence of beautiful bare east .
as to how truly bad this movie was .
the best part of the movie was the interview with the film professor
how bad this movie will be even
of what wonderful movie came out of the '70 .
venturing into the backwood is a frolic in fun ?
his acting in `` deliverance '' was superb .
but his shell-shocked performance was perfect .
and was great as the sheriff -
.every detail of this movie was perfect - no doubt
is a perfect example :
of getting decent to great performance from his actor
while being a talented and funny writer .
and moving on the screen.almost every main character in reign over me gives a great performance .
and help each other throughout the film.music also plays a great part in this film
reign over me is an enjoyable
yet many time funny film ,
driven by its amazing leading performance .
however actually lacks a story
but illogicalin fact they is no proper story yet it somehow manages a nice flow though it is not anything greatthe first half has 2 funny scene like the one where akshay and john invite neha for a lunch and another when paresh entersthe first half gets boring slowly
but the second half is funnier
though they is no script the joke are funny though one does wonder how they never hear each person 's voice from inside the room ? the climax confusion is treated like a stage play
but it is quite funny
how anyone can get a budget for a movie this bad .
and all that stupid bickering between the character .
but because it is such bad
that this is one of the worst movie ever .
ian bannen makes a great romantic lead ,
lot of fun is had by all
tells the story of the rather rare
promting some superb cinematography of the sweeping
and indeed rare film-maker
and i was expecting some superb
seemingly without a care in the a seemingly perfect world .
brilliant .
i loved the wildlife and landscape photography .
i loved about the first half hour
and the film carries a message .
i have enjoyed criminal intent series of law
filmmaker david redmon should be lauded for getting excellent and rare footage of everyday life inside a chinese factory compound
but it was horrible ,
probably the best place
noted about soderbergh 's repetitious waste
if not deliberately insult ,
2. imposing unreasonable film length with mere dullard repetition ;
and 8. pointlessly whitewashing his main subject into one dimension .
like a poor student
gleefully fails to deliver .
because he is weak on narrative .
to be avoided at all cost .
( 2/10 )
it has lamer dialog
to being funny a few time
i have seen many bad comment
and put it back in some light again its not a bad idea at all .
a new generation can take part of this horrible story and even the film about capote
so it was not that bad ... huh ?
bad director etc ,
they were so bad
they were just painful awful .
of who was the best bond ... moore or connery ...
and loved her dopey adventure in the grand canyon in the 1940s .
the direction is poor ,
that is so bad
this is definitely one of the best movie i
that make subtlety a beautiful art to watch ,
the ending was only a disappointment
-- but it was still more wonderful then the vast majority of movie out there .
it is just annoying
the acting in this film is not bad ,
but definetly not great either .
the worst character of the film .
kate winslet 's performance on the other hand was wonderful .
as a writer i find film this bad
talk about insulting .
bad acting ,
bad writing ,
bad
who would green light something so poorly written ?
dramatic-nothing.the character are flat and boring with no developmant .
avoid this bomb like it will infect you with an std .
based on some sort of bad acid trip
the poor acting
very poor casting
( sadly ,
it probably was the most intentionally funny part of the movie ) ,
because of remembering the wonderful time it was ,
and the horrible murder described there .
a youth gets a bad hair day ,
he was one of the great actor of the `` golden age . ''
this is one hell of a great movie .
there was amazing depth to it all .
the acting was superb
this is wonderful medicine for the heart and soul .
judi dench is among the greatest actress ever to appear on film .
was an amazing cast .
why this film here on the imdb only rate a 3.9that rating here is utterly amazing to me .
and how predictable .
beautiful story ?
without being boring or trite .
it is great to see small back on t.v. ,
as she was great in the `` inspector lynley mystery '' .
but still very sympathetic of the woman ,
and it is got a great cast .
that looks like a bad metal sculpture of magilla gorilla .
the rankin/bass animation company had a hand in this mess .
whenever i make up a list of the absolute worst movie i
it has no redeeming quality whatsoever .
it was borderline annoying ;
but i was feeling tolerant and empathetic of their spirited fun ,
it could have been a funeral.this was the effect
and not the tiniest bit funny .
that the same gentleman could be responsible for quite probably the least funny movie ever.in short :
he is in love with susie.the boy are in a fix when they lie to susie on meeting with a big time music producer they do not even know.as they are in a fix with their feelings.george sidney 's anchor aweigh ( 1945 ) is a great musical comedy.gene kelly is top-notch
but he plays his part well.kathryn grayson is fantastic as susan abbott.we sadly lost this gifted actress and operatic soprano singer last month at the age of 88.the 9-year old dean stockwell does amazing job as the little fellow wanting
to become a sailor.jose iturbi does great job
is magic what he does with the piano.edgar kennedy plays chief of police station.sara berner is the voice of jerry mouse.there is a lot of great stuff in this movie and some fantastic singing and dancing numbers.just look at kelly and sinatra performing
is quite funny.it is a nice moment
singing the tango `` jealousy ''
1st watched 5/17/2002 - 3/10
fairly lame account of the titanic disaster is the first filmed version of this much-heralded event .
the replication of the disaster is not bad ,
badly acted and way-too soap opera-like .
by being funny
sweet and downright perfect .
it was pointless .
why the stupid accent ?
and her acting was just bad .
could have elevated it from spaghetti-western blandness into something special .
unfortunately
is one of the worst edited movie imaginable !
the performance are not bad ,
macy is such a great actor .
this is meant to be a comedy but mainly bad taste ,
for instance scene at a fertility clinic are not in the least funny
there are various ridiculous
i give this 3/10 instead of 1/10
but this is the worst film i have ever seen !
amateurish makeup effect and a really bad soundtrack .
that even more stupid !
as to how bad it was .
avoid at all cost .
it is not dull like other horror film
i think one of the best thing about the concept
loved this film .
great acting
( who made the wonderful film this sweet sickness
and his exquisite handling of the consequently-pivotal interior mise-en-scene makes for captivating viewing.lino ventura is superb as usual ,
then later ... .the `` message '' of garde a vue ,
otherwise it is pretty dull stuff and i could not even finish it ,
3/10 .
as this is a great failing .
and perhaps the best scene in the movie )
look cheap .
the whole movie looks cheap .
because it looked beautiful .
that is weaker in general plot and structural spine
( the death dealer being the best example ) .
surprisingly
this movie has the feeling of the best conan comic ,
not surprisingly since roy thomas is the writer of the marvel series of our favourite cimmerian !
not to speak of all the b-movie of the genre.definitely recommended !
`` love crime '' is at its best
once i saw the ridiculous meatball poster and divined
that it had to be the best satire ever .
unfortunately
looks really bad here ,
probably because she is uncomfortably struggling to make her flat role funny .
trying to hard to be funny
molly shannon is so funny just seeing her makes you laugh ,
but somehow her segment fails to snowball into something hysterical .
paul rudd had great teen mannerism
the other guy are also really funny
( the drug sequence is the second funniest moment
the first also coming in a lame movie :
it is just plain funny .
i wanted this movie to work so badly ,
the clothe and styling for 1981 are 99.9 % perfect ,
and the very few song used are also perfect .
this ends up as a medium-bad mad tv episode
worst of all
maybe if some of the actor were not so perfectly chiselled out of granite
this was awful is to do this film a mis-service ,
you got ta sit and waste a couple of hour of your life watching 'sickle ' ,
that is soo mind numbingly awful
i enjoyed this film
looking cold and intense and awfully alert ?
she is a perfect choice for this role.i consider myself a very open minded individual
the acting is superb .
since i enjoyed them most of the time .
it is irresponsible and cheap and a waste of the medium .
disappointing but i guess
this stinker has nothing at all to be recommended for .
i am very glad i did not waste any money on this pile of crap ,
wish i had not wasted my time with it either.this thing 's story
`` the devil 's experiment '' is one of the worst film i
and avoid it .
is absolutely terrible .
but just ended up being laughable due to the fact
to be adding another 10 minute to a mercifully short film.the acting can be said to be mediocre .
not have such a terrible script
who made a terrible impact on me .
the crocodile 's death at the end of the film is so ridiculously fake and contrived
how bad it could be .
suffered from a terrible script and an overwhelming sense of low-budgetness
which all served to create a truly awful movie .
as a cinema fan white noise was an utter disappointment ,
but as a film it just seamed as predictable
one of my favorite cartoon
if not my absolute favorite .
and become the greatest detective ever.but
the film has ruined the reputation of the wonderful cartoon.matthew broderick
that was terrible about the movie
and was not even remotely as funny.tip for those
that lacks any true spirituality
and this 70 's film is a refreshing contrast to the often violent film of the period and or the disaster movie or adventure thriller .
although the production value are not great ,
it is so bad i almost cried .
what a total waste of 80 minute and \u00a32.50 .
how bad this move is .
how stupid can person possibly be - firstly ,
i simply can not believe the stupidity of this movie .
p.s - best part of the movie :
i have loved the film of fred astaire and ginger roger
because they are just so much fun .
i was a bit disappointed in this outing .
part of it was because this film does not have the wonderful
-- especially in the `` fun '' department .
it just lacks the sparkle and magic of some of their other film .
good but far from great .
( rosario dawson in superb performance )
( greatfully
excellent a. rosario dawson portrays the role with focus and endurance .
because it is poorly directed
poorly executed and misguided
and the supporting cast are wonderful
fantastic !
this film is really bad
so bad
that even christopher lee can not save it.a poor story an even poorer script
and just plain bad direction makes this a truly outstanding horror film ,
-- in one family he is a loving father yet not-so-perfect-husband ,
many fan also enjoyed character played by pastore
it ceases to have a dull or predictable moment .
but my overall feeling is that mystery man is more fun than most film
and very nearly 'clever'.the cast is superb ;
greg kinnear is excellent ,
kinnear 's limo scene with ricky jay is perfect 'spoiled movie star '
- and there are so many great one in this film
i always try to find something redeeming in any film i see.ye ,
if you are into beautiful lesbian soft porn its there.the external location
found unintentionally funny especially those sex scene !
while still being enjoyable for kid and adult alike .
the plane 's function do not change once throughout the series
and rely instead on it is cunning pilot 's great skill
this is definitely the best cartoon .
the film begins with a hungry and homeless loretta being shown the rope by the poor but very resourceful spencer tracy .
i will take all the blame for it '' ! !
looking through a peephole into a sick and dysfunctional home ? !
is one of his best friends.while there is more to the film ,
how anyone can ignore the pure awfulness of the character .
a horrible misfire
poorly assembled footage in search of a movie .
that it is easy to make a cheap
and then use the `` parody '' angle as an excuse for its cheapness and low quality
the title song is great
but rather that it is mind-numbingly stupid and patently unfunny
that this film does not seem to have made any published `` 10 worst film of all time '' list .
highly enjoyable movie .
beautiful woman
a very enjoyable time over all .
a great time in my life .
because of the bad writing
the film is though for some reason very entertaining and i loved it .
but the majority was well acted and funny .
gwyneth paltrow gives one of her best performance as the heroine in emma .
but actually fairly subtle ,
this is an awesome action film with great one liner from arnie ! .
with a great ending as well .
it had a great story
and arnie and marium conchita alonso had great chemistry together .
some superb performance .
the directing is great ! .
the acting is great ! .
arnold schwarzenegger is amazing as always ,
he is excellent in the acting department ,
and was ton of fun to watch !
and he was fun to watch .
and it easily could be labeled as one of the best psychological thriller of the 90`s .
brad pitt is startlingly great as a trailer-trash psycho
for what you might deem an insult ) :
punctuated by unpredictable well planted scare ,
avoiding these steamer -
not to put blame squarely on the shoulder of some of these old boy
sadly
do not waste your time and money .
interspersed with performance from `` the next generation of beautiful loser '' are interview with bono and the edge as well as the performer themselves .
many of the performance are forgettable over-interpretation
or bland under-achievement .
annoying little pseudo-avant-garde gesture are sprinkled throughout the film- like out of focus superimposition of red sphere over many of the concert and interview shot ,
he is an enormous talent and the best at what he does ,
but the film is pretty dull
that is best enjoyed by child .
there is a great cast of beloved character actor
that is great about this film is how it captures nasa in the 1960
but my favorite movie of all time is the longest and talkiest french movie of them all .
much more fun than than palazzo volpi ,
this movie is a true gem of squalor .
harvey keital 's best performance so far the new century .
a beautiful snap-shot of pre-castro cuba .
the one weakness is the decision
unfortunately
recommended .
i loved this film !
but in this film hank is not the only great actor
who shows great promise in hollywood co star as hank son
and deliver nothing short of a great performance .
he will do great thing .
but still helped make it great .
the beautiful and very talented jennifer jason leigh ,
and does a superb job .
he does such a great job with such a small role ,
he gives a great performance .
this is a great show with good actor for the most part .
it was not predictable like most story on most show .
when she leaves it in the magazine 's office during a business luncheon.this is a spot of bad luck for everyone
before he wakes up to the dunst character.worst of all ,
unfunny
at best an 'average ' sitcom
and not as great as other have made out .
friend got more progressively predictable
lame and boring
and it went from being funny in the first four season
to occasionally funny .
well it was predictable to say
the least.what was annoying
the ending and use of pachabel 's cannon are both amazing .
the wonderful `` z '' channel in los angele showed this pia zadora film about six month or so after `` butterfly '' .
then she goes from bad to obviously worse in this film.again ,
this was awful to look at then and even 20 more year later ,
it looks even worse .
some mindless fun .
a truly awful movie .
just a bad
boring film with unlikable character and a trite
it was actually kind of fun
it was so bad ,
diana rigg was poor as lady dedlock .
because of poor acting
the series fails not because it is unfair to compare it to the book ,
it is dull and flat .
television deadens the genius of dicken as manifested in his ingenious plot and unforgettable character .
`` it feels great . ''
and gielgud is simply perfect as the arrogant servant ,
as the story were unforgettable for me and most of my friend ,
and a great performance from it is main villain becouse he will really shock you with his evil ways.the movie does not rank an all time great becouse of the weak screen play.the plot and story cry for this movie to make stallone an extra special human
the dialogue was cheesy and carelessly condescending at times.the script should have been more realistic and less `` talky '' .another weak point was the unrealistic shooting scene.the movie maker should have been more carefull how they hadled the shooting hit and misses.they should have continued the quality of the scene of the shooting sequence during the plane hijacking early in the movie.instead ,
as soon as the villain set foot on the mountain tops.this movie had a lot of all time great potential.crisper action sequence
which was not all that great if not for his cinematographer.sill a good movie though ... ... ..
i enjoyed it both time .
it is fast paced and fun
who have seen the awful 'zombie creeping flesh '
the ridiculous twist at the end
how bad this looks'.the character are all utterly one dimensional
rather than simply a through and through bad film .
you are bound to be disappointed .
to avoid any mistake .
about how great the cast is involved ,
and that is not necessarily a bad thing .
good or bad .
that you may find the present stuff a bit longwinded and boring ,
no matter how annoying i find claire dane ' angry/sad/crying face
patrick wilson is alway great in whatever i have seen him in .
for picking some really fantastic role
( who surprisingly is in the film very little ) .
but she was wonderful at expressing the emotional turmoil her character goes through on her wedding day .
the flashback sequence could have fallen into the somewhat forgettable category as the rest of the film
as a whole much worse.while not wholly original in the way
the payoff is worth the ride for the most part and each plane of reality finish with its own subtle beauty and lives up
philip seymour hoffman is awesome in the role of a dysfunctional man with traumatic relationship with his father
sympathetic towards the hippie -
some of sutherland 's hippie friend make fun of this black-revolution premise ,
and the resulting dialogue is not bad ;
another funny moment is when sutherland 's older daughter performs some pc crap on stage with her white school-mate ,
is more amusing than annoying
and also pokes fun at corporate hollywood ,
but whose money he wants badly for his next
he has the worst hair
but more fundamentally
even my favorite actor
could not keep my interest in this boring movie .
it was a waste of 42 minute
it is not true what is going on and really ings nothing to the story of the series except meeting the martian man hunter again and to waste 30 minute
is by far another case of bad writing in the soap opera of smallville .
this was by far one of the worst .
who enjoyed this film .
is it one of the best of the `` nightmare '' series ?
but i had lot of fun with it .
there are some great nightmare sequence ,
and freddy belt out the funny one-liner
`` great graphic . ''
the cast is superb .
lisa zane is perfectly cast in the lead .
he is another great
the best one is by johnny depp
the film is a great mix of humor and scare ,
the perfect conclusion is easier said
i loved the montage over the opening credit .
and will look at it as a tribute to beloved freddy .
a brother 's promise is a wonderful family film .
how dan and his family deal with a devastating illness of a loved one is depicted
i found the acting to be laughable
boring and the music and its timing teetering on the edge of painful .
and how john ford managed to make even the dullest situation
( dull according to me
that i enjoyed the movie by the end of it .
i loved the first little mermaid .
it was terrible .
headstrong teenager we all knew and loved from the first movie ,
or the song being so terrible
that her talent was wasted .
the glory he earned from singing the incredible `` under the sea ''
his voice is terrible ,
she is a very clich\u00e9 villain and falls short of ursula 's greatness as a villain .
she epically fails at witchcraft ,
her voice is annoying
are not funny or likable ,
i still enjoyed this episode
this is a fascinating work on numerous level .
but in 1939 they were conidered the next logical step.many great british actor are in this film as young man .
but ziyi zhang shows barely little of the great flare
that are beautiful to listen to in accompanimant to the lovely cinematography ,
that this movie is fun to watch
a great concept gone wrong .
poor acting ,
even worse writing ...
the character are forgettable ,
the writing is poor ,
this show was just bad .
it is not horrible but ... to me it does'nt work in a series like batman .
the joker is not a bad design
( but to me the best joker ever was the one
my favorite character :
( to me the best episode of this series ) .
but in general i did not like how she made harley in this series ... in almost every episode they put funny but in a ridiculous way ,
she is funny in a way
and here they put ridiculous
my favorite
if you enjoyed batman :
do not waste your time on this dreck .
the character have no redeeming value
what a waste of time .
that nicole kidman is one of the best actress
this romantic thriller with certain funny touch is an excellent natural film with a lot of propose for the film of it kind .
sometime funny
... this would have been what you got.words alone can not describe how bad this is .
that it is bruce wayne 's car they are driving -- in fact it is noted by several character throughout the serial.the acting is wooden -- the set are cheap --
his cowl is so bad
that will burst into flame the second
unfortunately the thug open the package in a cardboard warehouse
she saw batman and robin running up the walk in the clearly densely populated suburban neighborhood.everything about this serial is bad --
if you are looking for bad cinema
it is not all that bad
but it is funny at least .
just because it is not always intentionally funny ,
then you would probably best avoid it .
i have trashed it in detail and at great length on another site
brookmyre fans.best bit of advice.. ?
and only then make your comparison and submit your judgement .
to be enjoyed by a wide audience .
this show is finally something new and interesting and ( most importantly ) funny !
the worst thing about this whole springer phenomenon is not that type of person on the `` jerry springer show '' act
tying together the story of an absolutely dysfunctional family and a group of stereotypical black upset
let me just tell you- the world 's pretty bad- glance in a newpaper or the news to see that ,
.this movie is not a collection of the best soccer move of mexico 1986 ,
we are sympathetic .
consider his work as philo vance as something as a rehearsal for his great performance as nick charle .
also pleasant is seeing a few other great faces .
it is great to see picture of paris ca .
i am a horror/gore movie freak and this flick was so bad ,
but also the director and the poor sap of a producer
you would expect some great carnage
since i last saw a movie this bad..
the story is horribly boring ,
but also a weak example of what bad cinema looks like .
the dialogue and the direction all are dreadful ,
but the music there is great and authentic .
the best part of the movie is perhaps the reason
this is still one of the best
that 'the soloist ' is very poor in comparison.it is as slow as a lullaby
on a par i fear with the awful beach battle depiction in joe wright other disaster attonment .
.j fox performance was an extremely poor example of acting and lacked credibility from the offset.downey on the other hand ;
although struggling with a badly paced film ,
where this film was supposed to be a remake of the 1949 film noir
i found the latter to be disappointing
this movie is a `` neo-noir ''
that purist would make it be disqualified for film noir status .
it was ridiculous !
the film lacks a lot of the style and polish of the american film
relatively poor orchestration and set .
( the best part of the american film )
-- but it packed a great ending .
so neither film is exactly great ,
it is too bad
they could not have combined the best element of both film into one exceptional film .
and will find protection for true love.the photography by kazuo okuhara is eathtakingly beautiful :
that sounds like cheap soap opera filler except for the isolated momants
that by moment i had to laugh at how bad
it felt more like an insult to the viewer 's intelligence .
the worst acting i have ever seen from any of these person ...
that this one would be great - and as for the gorilla effect ,
that the added narrative is weak
that the narrative is weak and unnecessary .
the story is weak ,
that movie are one of the best way
telling story is not always bad ,
often obnoxious ,
she is fascinating throughout -
have is to be boring .
bad is actually better than boring .
the perfect microcosm is where one of the principle character follows a cambodian priest through the water
then there is the bad acting and insipid dialogue .
and therefore my argument is based on the differences.this anime greatly disappointed me
alucard is not the sympathetic character
walter 's story lacks the betrayal .
but that it does such a poor job .
i left disappointed
what a great
and taken aback at just how little of substance was actually presented.and worse ,
rick macy is excellent as joseph smith
beloved as thomas in finding faith in christ ,
this is a dull film
but found it amazing and to this day
it has never stopped amazing me.a wonderful movie
this is the most wonderful part of the whole movie
an excellent underrated movie
some good and some bad ,
i am just amazed with how much of a great job
was an incredible film .
but the whole movie was just great ,
the whole picture was a great one .
it is a great movie
you will enjoy it.9/10
and rarely would i ever rate a movie `` 1 ''
but this movie was beyond terrible.the acting was terrible ,
and the character were annoying .
that this movie was a complete waste of time and i write this comment
it is awful !
that i loved everything kathy bates has done .
jame wood is pathetic ... not his character
someone should have told him that `` poor '' is not synonymous with dirty
the only redeeming feature is henry thomas ,
to carry this sodden mess .
that is the best i can give it.i am a serious fan of both independent and quirky film ,
but this is simply terrible .
kenny doughty look amazing in this movie -
the movie is carried by a sometimes predictable ,
a police officer - with child and a bad ex
arrives late at a funeral -
a tissue or two recommended
all in all a great movie
rewriting a movie as bland and sentimental as `` heaven can wait '' only shows
the wonderful mark addy
here goes the perfect example of what not to do
when you have a great idea .
but the script and the execution of it lacks any real substance .
i loved him in re-animator and the way
his greatest strength
was occasionally also his greatest weakness
and it is this lack of subtlety
instead of in the great wide open west
and every actor hits his/her note with perfection .
bruce robinson was incredible as brian
it was one of my five favorite film of all time .
why mess with the original ? my only problem with 'still crazy ' is that it was not hugely popular in theater
and too many person have missed out on a wonderful experience .
i give `` the ogre '' 7/10 .
that open the mind to most of his greatest movie
the master did it great even before his thirty !
for the best sci-fi film coming out of the era .
that the movie had a great impact on his vision for the show .
the film worked it is subtle magic on this viewer
but fails with lackluster and easy joke .
his sister sally is the most annoying character in the movie .
marcy is funny with her response to patty ,
( terrible baas and all ) .
( although linus still has annoying advice ) ,
but compromised the message for a few quick laugh .
my summary describe it best in very few word ...
there is nothing amazing about 'the amazing mr william ' .
'the amazing mr william ' is allegedly a comedy ,
the cheap
he plays his drag scene with the same annoying smirk
touching and funny as a criminal
that is the problem with 'the amazing mr wiliam ' :
the dialog is laughable
unfortunately
the acting is laughable ,
that eventually halts gamera 's rampage is completely phony and ridiculous .
he was neither scary nor sympathetic .
the rest of the movie in the series are either just as boring or worse .
he had get cheaper and cheaper with every film
the show is really funny .
david spade does a great job as russell ,
does a horrible job as jeff
the bad acting certainly will take the show downhill ...
this looney tune episode is very funny ,
it is slightly boring .
but unfortunately the roundabout way minnelli unravel this stew is neither informative
there is a lot of dysfunctional meeting and relation or person
`` the most unforgivable thing about the movie is that the boat just does not sink ! best constructive suggestion :
this is one of the greatest movie ever maybe
it is the perfect family movie.the
but that is what makes this movie amazing better than all of the garbage
makes the movie from good to great .
' in the 60 were frankie avalon-annette funicello beach comedy and biker flick like 'the glory stomper ;
the film is never boring ,
and written a great story around them.warren oate 's performance as dillinger is quite good ,
and it is really too bad
really bad .
how does a film this bad get made ?
i kept waiting for some redeeming plot point
the best script doctor in the world could not have saved this putrid pile of of stinking poo.the
this was an atrocious waste of my time .
this kind of schlock gives martial art movie a bad name .
that make this a fascinating movie :
australia is undergoing awful weather
is fantastic
the last wave is a great movie to watch .
is so laid-back it verges on bland ,
and the film 's editing is a mess ,
`` jag \u00e4r nyfiken \u0096 yellow '' is a lot of fun .
and placed over all of this is the wonderful additional dimension of the director
refreshing
this movie was so bad
it was laughable .
the acting quite horrible
if you have some time to waste
was just fascinating
flat affect was the result of bad surgery or simply bad acting
which was pretty awful .
and reckless stupidity on the part of every character in the movie .
i just watched it to see how bad it could be .
very bad
cheaply made movie .
dropped into the action in a bad play .
poorly shot
cheap prop
`` a bug 's life '' is like a favorite candy bar
-- it is chock-full of great little bit
all of the actor turn in great voice work ,
is superb.this serious movie buff does not throw around `` 10 '' s lightly ,
this movie is ridiculous .
the acting is great
and the casting is superb
have never seen even mediocre cinema .
the acting is obviously terrible in the first 5 character
lame .
but just wanted to see some beautiful oregon countryside ,
unfortunately
but ridiculous.there is too much gore and too many rip-off-the-body scene
is perfect in the role of the aging and retired sheriff .
charle coburn as the vengeful half eed zach provo is also at his best as the obsessed with hatred and murder escaped convict.the man
palance was ridiculous .
weak voice talent
which is an insult to the word `` horror '' .
the woman in black is that rare modern film
with that incredible look on her face .
you will not be disappointed ,
absolutely one of the worst movie i have seen in a long time !
it starts off badly and just deteriorate .
the acting horrible and it has plot hole big enough
katherine heigl 's character is completely unsympathetic .
who lures the poor ,
and the message
horrible .
do not waste your time .
they could blame on drug or alien possession .
later reveal themselves to be engraved invitation for suffering and endless recrimination of stupidity.for some person
sadly
and worse :
just how badly every point would all suck.let me be perfectly clear here ,
the english language lacks sufficient nuance and depth in the field of ultimate evil
to properly describe just how bad this film really is.as for knowing all the twist of movie ,
and concentrated deposit of poorly explained angst.this film is what would happen
and give them lot of film noir narration ,
`` make the bad movie stop
and may not have the best actor
that this is one of the funniest movie i\u00b4ve ever seen ,
the plot is a little cheesy but the film works ... its amazing how this young girl went on to become the hottest babe in hollywood !
this film is pretty bad .
( not the worse i have heard of ) ,
won the independent spirit award best female lead for this role .
favorite scene :
favorite quote :
all of them absurdly bad ,
but the movie itself is just too confusing to be enjoyable
that are so bad
this film is awful with a capital 'a ' .
it is the worst film burt reynold ever starred in ... . quite a feat for for a man with `` cannonball run ii ''
the character are so stupid
the humour is weak and infantile throughout ,
are generally unfunny ,
that maybe the film was not much fun
amateurism best describes the film adaptation of the best-selling philosophical novel `` the celestine prophecy '' ,
and the result are so awful few can wade through this mess to spot a real point .
in second part one can find great song - russian romance .
who is not only beautiful
and it is annoying
the character interact is surprisingly realistic- there are embarrassing relative and trick
lee-hom is the best at playing a straight and realistic character .
it is perfect for getting out and watching with a group of friend .
but overall it was very enjoyable and i would highly recommend it to anyone
who have a bad conscience about the war except from howard w. campbell junior ,
was such amazing objective and dissociate from simply moralizing the war .
is wonderful emotional transcribed .
this is the best story about the duality of humanity ,
which i also found extremely boring .
and `` semana santa '' is in every way an even poorer movie.only fine one in the cast doing something
i loved her maniacal look in `` suspiria '' and `` inferno ''
bland drama + moderate scifimaybe
among them bombadier solomon
he loved being bearer
the excellent opening theme was penned by jimmy perry and derek taverner.though never quite equalling 'dad 's army ' in the public 's affection ,
the character of 'gloria ' took his place as 'bombadier ' ,
the char wallah watching them go with great sadness
is fundamantally dishonest .
'mum ' was both funny and truthful ,
my favorite part though have to be when the girl giggle and blush as the biker drag them off to gang rape them .
rape is fun !
those are all lame excuse but they are the only one i have.i gave the darkling 4 star out of a possible 10 - i have seen worse film ,
but this one definitely is right there in the old trash bin of bad filmdom
-- poor script
poor acting
bad lighting
all three of them were tedious and annoying .
tedious movie .
the animation was fab and the film funny .
tuck/roll were very funny .
you saw a very funny sequence of film ,
this movie was a great comedic relief .
this movie was no disappointment .
is the bad guy ,
but when the baddie is more likable than the lead character
the distinctive ronald coleman is at his best in this piece of noir about an actor
errol flynn 's greatest movie
the belieavablitly of tom 's performance is so excellent
i love you ' today and loved it !
ily is not and many reviewer over here have found the seamlessness of story and overlapping of character here annoying and even confusing .
i loved
but i find beautiful.i liked all the film but the one
beautiful landscape cinematography
bad thing do
the viet cong and nva did far worse thing to the south vietnamese than any soldier in the us armed force ever did .
the soldier in world war ii treated the enemy far worse in general than the soldier in vietnam did ,
though the war was badly fought from a political standpoint ,
and it is a great disservice
it was one of the finest dvd purchase i could have picked up.it is one of those best-kept-secret
( unfortunately
that are infinitely more fun
it was the greatest and most rewarding blind purchase of all time.repeat viewing are a must .
and it deserves to sit alongside sleuth on your dvd shelf.i will leave you with this beautifully written quote from the film :
in a way that is comlex and sympathetic .
they forgot one of my favorite ... old person 1 :
this is one of the all-time great `` our gang '' short .
spanky is at his very cutest and funniest ,
is a beautiful gag.spanky 's appearance wearing his huge toy knife
all the beautiful sight gag
to make this one of the best `` our gang '' 's you will ever see .
the writing is excruciatingly bad ,
character are impossible to emphasize with and are either disgusting or bland ,
'ride with the devil ' is among my five worst movie experience ever ,
this movie is amazing .
bad sound
the cinematography is beautiful ,
both lead are fantastic
beautifully performed .
you have to give even a lame slasher flick prop .
it follows the deeply insulting formulaic message of its genre :
now there is a mediocre teen death film
and toss them in the incinerator with joanne.2/10 .
... 'that was great !
the rehearsal dinner scene was probably the best in the movie ,
and larry miller gives an incredible performance in a supporting role
( he could be the best surprise of the film ) .
and have an enjoyable evening ,
or you will surely be disappointed .
**cabin fever has my nod for worst film of the year ...
you can not help but be amazed at how bad it really is .
`` ... this is how illogical and stupid the character are .
you could only laugh at their stupidity .
pure stupidity ! i swear
there has ever been a worse
pointless remark .
that pathetic attempt at humor funny in the least bit .
the whole movie was a joke ... .a pathetic attempt at filmmaking
do not waste 1 1/2 hour of your precious life
this is one of the worst movie i
annoying performance and puerile humour .
and what the hell 's jack warden doing in this mess ?
directed by dennis dugan and obnoxious in its attempt
the movie is made so badly
this movie contains one of richard dreyfuss 's greatest performance
this movie is funny ,
madonna 's evolution from mistress to political leader added greatly to the quality of the story and to the movie 's entertainment value .
a mediocre sci-fi channel original picture .
a poor peasant girl in love with ricardo cortez 's character don rafael
surprisingly
he is believable in an unsympathetic part as a weak willed mama 's boy ,
he fails to win leonora
his courage is undermined.this movie is beautifully shot
review for this film were lukewarm at best
a rather funny idea and a main actress everyone loves .
alice tremblay 's supposedly humorous journey in fantasy world fails in every way
and some good actor doing their best to come of as professional in a feature
that certainly could not seem that great an idea on the set
avoid or boredom will haunt you .
the performance were superb ,
its a gem movie if
best of worst acting and actress is here for time-pass of song .
i was so disappointed it hurt .
the set and prop were cheap and unrealistic .
i was so surprised at the awfulness of it
what hurts the most is that the content is interesting and fun and intriguing .
unfortunately
the film was so technically bad
this is one of the worst thing
when we have to find out whether or not lembach is staying is amazing though .
only a lot more dull and british .
the mst3k version is pretty good although not one of there best .
it lacks excitement .
the finale has trimble fighting qissi inside a cave and sheperd going womano-a-womano against the beautiful ashley hayden on a speedboat ,
best of all
and they work beautifully together .
as though they had been best buddy for eon for even shooting the film.the film itself is fine and one
and the four star help the re-watch-ability to a great extent .
the greatest moment
a great cast
( i am not stupid ) ,
the tediously gratuitous marijuana smoking
( which seems to be mandatory in australian government-funded film )
the rest is simply awful .
it was just too tempting to waste what was hopefully a free
and alan himself is left as a pathetic
avoid
avoid
avoid .
there are so many reason to become utterly addicted to this spoof gem
but everyone is drizzling with high jealousy
and she and celeste have been excellent support network to each other for 15 year .
he definitely likes `` peppy and cheap '' ; and carrie fisher as betsy faye sharon ,
and geoffrey anderson step off the choo-choo.celeste can now only get worse ,
so he is not leaving.beautiful elizabeth shue
rounds out the amazing ensemble cast
who all do the fantastic job of those
is an unmissable gem
10/10 .
`` catcratch '' is basically a simple but great animated comedy about three wealthy cat - mr. blik
that you will simply have your funny bone tickled sooner or later !
the story are enjoyable
to just have fun .
i appreciated this light-hearted approach and this is truly one of the best episode to see on a purely fun level .
-- it is just too fun and the whole episode seems very surreal .
it is great stuff .
terrible script
romanticising all that is bad about dublin .
but sure is not it great all the same ' .
a great actor forced to play this part
the best thing about this movie is farrell ,
and it is a bad
at least he was not putting on his dreadful american accent .
it ruined a great episode and so i can only give it a 6. proper grammar and pronunciation are essential to a film.it was very hellraiser what with all the skin ripping
though that the story from the great horror director are very disappointing and very mediocre .
6/10 come on yanky get your english up to par !
this was the most pointless film i
making a noir film
does not involve lot of raining sequence and pointless closeup on the main character .
to create a noir thriller
this is quite an amazing film to watch .
if you have any interest at all in a subtle ,
it was recommended to me by a fried several week ago .
to have fun ,
a waste of time .
the premise was not too bad .
bara streisand 's first television special was simply fantastic !
unfortunately
this great acting job is wasted
it is too bad
is great in the title role of 'the amazing dr. x '
( with lot of noirish shadow in the sheriff 's office )
dyan cannon is funny and endearing as sidney 's relentlessly anxious wife ,
they are in trouble and combine it with lorenzo lamas as one of three baby faced bad boy
but seeing lamas as the baddest of the bad boy really blew my mind .
he was much too believable as the overbearing bad guy
with sometimes annoying music
operator and director are great
and he really loved these movie .
and fun.charlie is a gambling dog
is the perfect family film ,
but this is an excellent family film to watch .
dreadful acting .
a great film this
highly recommended.9/10
this film was not just bad ,
it was really bad.the acting is inconsistent ,
and farnsworth 's acting was very bad in particular.from the patronizing accent to the pointless plot line to the out of place 'graphic ' element to the repetitious dialog and scenario ...
that bad - i have yet to see `` carlton browne '' and `` heaven above ! ''
really is a poor film and a dire choice on seller ' part in term of character .
genial romance of the like perfected by william powell and myrna loy .
misguided and lightly dull film i have ever seen .
all the performance here are excellent :
he try to talk some child into being bad ,
who 's family is very poor .
that is the only way that a girl that poor would ever get a doll ,
it was some of the most fun i have ever had at the movie .
it is the best role
but almost everybody seems perfectly cast .
the set and the music contribute a great deal
thsi is one great movie .
probably the best movie i have ever seen .
i must give it 10/10 star
this is probably the best movie i have ever seen .
this movie +popcorn+coke= best mix you can imagine .
that this is the best movie ever seen .
and just great stuff .
you enjoyed my comment cyajim
and do great imitation is captivating .
his act in 1983 is just as funny today
my parent loved it as teenager and i
i at least felt my money was not totally wasted.then i saw steven segal 's on deadly ground.this movie should see a resurrection though on mst 3k .
the animation was not that great ,
like the entire story was improvised ... in the best sense of the word .
is the message .
writer/director henry brommel has done a wonderful job with his film
brommel has cast ullman and ritter in decidedly un-funny role ,
not because it is poorly made - the slowness is deliberate
too subtle
the one and only was a great film .
funny
and all around great ! ! !
that lacks convincing action .
this is probably the best dirty harry movie made ;
-- for better or worse --
superb direction and photography and a at-times hilarious script help make this film one of the best of the '80 's .
one of the most beautiful ever
( frys is best !
1st watched 8/29/2009 - 7/10
and the rest of th movie really looks good warranting the best cinematography award at the oscar in that year .
curtis assembles a fun supporting cast ,
a true dark noir movie and a very graphic film
visually there are some really nice scene artistically amazing
although hopefully more british actor would be great .
if you are in the mood for a semi moody noir .
to make this one of the very best action thriller i
can recall seeing and a sublime end to an excellent series.jason bourne
i felt slightly disappointed with `` the bourne supremacy ''
but compared to the fantastic `` bourne identity '' ,
it still retains a wonderfully intelligent and gripping spy story at its heart
this movie is so bad
-- in an unintentionally funny way .
is bad acting !
he is no worse than the other actor .
they are in a really awful film ;
everything about the film is bad :
it was by no means a great film but fun in the right frame of mind .
cheap and lifeless new footage .
simply incredibly tedious .
over that pointlessly describes exactly
is an example of the very worst kind of exploitation flick ;
is a great actor ,
how it must be fun ,
excellent film .
the film is superb .
what a horrible movie .
i can not believe i wasted 90 min of my life watching this re-make .
mehki pfifer is great in e.r and ving rhame probably did not know
i feel terrible for them .
and it is amazing how you can find these director
that in the future no director as horrible
could ever distroy such a great classic film .
-10/10 .
the idea behind his art project is to unmask the ridiculous culture
it is the best description of post-punk anger i
it is also one of my top 10 favorite film .
besides being one of the best sequel ,
it is one of the best thriller to watch as a family .
recommended for everyone .
this is easily in the top 5 of the worst movie i
why this movie is so terrible :
annoying style-over-substance `` mtv '' camerawork .
and writing message on wall .
and most annoyingly
`` take me as your messenger ! ''
to insult every chance i get .
alway one of my favorite novel ,
great denholm elliot was perfectly cast
as the noble john jardyce and diana rigg was sheer perfection as the doomed ladty dedlock .
this is the single worst movie i
this is the single worst movie i
have ever seen.it had all of the ear-mark of a bad movie :
bad writing
bad acting
bad production value
bad music .
or something bad happens to them ,
nail-biting story of a bad roommate .
stupid.let me explain something ,
i enjoy watching bad horror movie and laughing at how bad they are .
it was a dreadful movie .
the ridiculous shaking of every
i loved scene about bourne
talk about stupid nincompoop .
14 to 22 put on the dvd of `` titanic '' on a fantastic state of the art mega screen home entertainment type deal .
but i found this show to be not funny at all .
the producer and cast are probably happy to get both bad and good feed back
but there really was not anything funny about these stereotypical character .
is a terrible actress ) ,
there was so much potential for something like this but sadly i think
watching a great canadian actress sheila mccarthy again ,
too bad her daughter in the show does not have the same acting ability !
this movie made it into one of my top 10 most awful movie .
horrible .
( except to the big bad machine
but why waste the time ?
just awful .
a real disappointment
this is the best movie i have seen
since white and the best romantic comedy i have seen since the hairdresser 's husband .
beautiful masterwork from kenneth branagh and helena bonham carter .
rather poorly named western series
won an emmy for best syndicated program
and they put their best into it .
the series ' best asset was jim davis .
and great riding skill
jame best
of vintage westerns.the weakness of the concept was that there are only so many famous western outlaw .
that can not get dull .
jealousy and revenge was even more enjoyable to see on dvd year after its pbs oadcast
each of the supporting character is sharply drawn and excellently portrayed as well .
-- but you will have plenty of fun .
if you have enjoyed what came before . )
shame on you for exploiting these poor mexican actor
`` footlight parade '' is fascinating on so many level .
`` shanghai lil '' is the best production number in the picture .
the pre-code stuff is fun .
the `` by a waterfall '' number is wonderful in that regard .
horrible acting
bad story line
if anything redeeming would happen ...
renting a small office space and an apartment for a month is much cheaper than an entire warehouse ,
not the worst movie i have seen
another team constantly picks on them and insults them
a paintball movie would not be bad
the perception of paintball is pretty bad too .
it just was a lousy movie in my opinion
and unfortunately
and to receive their forgiveness.what i loved about this film :
this could be a strong candidate for `` the worst flick ever '' .
one of the screen 's greatest actor ,
awful .
it is so bad ,
but the actor are largely wasted .
tim meadows does his best but the plot just does not have many high point .
farrell may be the funniest man alive ...
the artist resists as best he can ,
the hand paints the artist as a great person
unfortunately not in the circumstance or for the reason
damning and an amazingly animated .
an amazing example of an artist civil disobedience and the impact it can have .
a must see and definite 10/10 !
not a bad martial art film .
it would be great to see something else from her in the same genre .
french film-noir actress
and completely re-written the decalogue.this is tele-movie quality and extremely disappointing for a movie length production .
and perfect fitting this movie is mind-blowing to me.the cgis are quite bad imho ,
but the whole visual with the black and white feeling about it and the totally sterile interior were just ... just a genius perfect combination for such a movie .
it is pretty boring .
and it is not funny .
that both side committed a great number of atrocities.the performance
are superb
ride with the devil is a beautiful and deeply compassionate film
sadly ,
worse still was the racism
one of the worst romantic comedy
worst movie )
and horrible dialogue do .
avoid this .
which makes watching a refreshing experience.i think
its greatest value lies in its crystal clear revealing of the nazi-mechanism .
this film is a wonderful movie
this is an outrageous concept in the 1930s and surprisingly well received .
brosnan provides a wonderful performance
whose place beside brosnan is refreshingly natural
beautiful scenery
this movie was poorly written ,
poorly acted and very predictable .
it was not even campy fun ,
the color were horrible along with the plot
( sometime it is poorly recorded
or maybe he was simply having fun ... ..
they call the american nightmare pirate radio for fun and confess their innermost fear .
that has a horrible beginning :
the story has a great potential ,
showing also some beautiful east and naked body
assumes a new identity of jack thursby and travel to boring lecture .
he is approached by the beautiful and mysterious ritum foster
who can be trusted.the unknown `` cypher '' was a great surprise for me .
and with great screenplay
in only know the director vicenzo natali from the fantastic `` cube '' ,
but over all enjoyable .
there is not a strong message from this film
is great fun )
the plot line is hugely over stated and dull ,
the acting is awful
though freeman 's character seems to have nothing but contempt for the ignorant and rather stupid character of timberlake ,
to help him uncover a completely ridiculous cover up.it
would take some incredible suspension of disbelief
it is a pure waste of time .
with phillip seymour hoffman 's being the best of the cast-no surprise there .
you will be greatly rewarded for the time invested in this film .
cheap
it will have redeeming amusement value .
uninstructive and just plain dull
this movie seems to send the wrong message .
this is the worst time travel movie i have ever seen
can a movie this entertaining really be considered a `` bad '' movie ?
but what makes the movie truly shine is a surprisingly awesome soundtrack
the movie is definitely not a waste of your time
she enjoyed as a child-in fact as a child
the rest of the rag-tag ensemble is just forgettable .
offencive impressionistic portrait of former colonised people now colonised by the director 's poor handling of her material .
and a great cast as noted .
it was that horrible !
it with them.it is rare that a film entertains the kid for so long
most enjoy it more than the first.top-quality production and an excellent cast ,
this is fun .
is amazing to me .
( my favorite line )
.moonstruck is a wonderful example of illiant script
that fits perfectly .
of avoiding thought of death .
but best is the sequence of louis guss and julie bovasso as cher 's uncle and aunt raymond and rita cappomaggi and rita 's charming and kind commant to raymond about the effect of the moonlight on him .
great writing
jess franco at his best makes these kind of film very well .
unfortunately
it becomes very boring .
other have enjoyed this film ,
but i just found it to be a perfect example of incredibly lazy writing.there are a few pluse for the film .
cult film icon klaus kinski is completely wasted in a subplot with no connection to the main film .
and there are some ief moment of unintentionally funny gore .
this is a pretentious and pointless film
that manages to be incredibly boring .
( 3/10 )
while it certainly was not the best movie i
but i never expected it to be this great .
music and direction.i remember i was in allahabad
the story between the scientist is a sweet and funny one .
i would recommend this for a sunday morning.7/10
awful camera work and disgusting quality .
i noticed how funny dani
so - dani in fact was funny as satan/manson/super-evil-man 's helper and the movie did not make sense .
see our bad person employs dani to do bad thing .
very bad .
the cgi is the worst ever .
that this movie is so bad
but it is just bad .
it is a refreshing eath of air
that might solve the mystery or result in something dreadful for herself .
and enjoyed
that is rare and delicate ,
and it is not afraid to be classified as fun !
this movie really disappointed me !
or young couple just looking for a fun night out .
it is a mediocre film .
another wonderful patterson book made into an incredibly awful movie .
that is 10 time worse !
metal-head and the socially dysfunctional may bump into him on the circuit
christian fundamentalism
gormless sadist and worse than that ,
that uwe rely on our worst excess for his livelihood
that poor old boll has had to drink for so long ,
more the corrosive effect bad press is having on its director .
poor uwe is obviously a very angry man \u0096 one scene
that was no fun ''
a disappointment .
it is not too bad ,
the pallbearer is not a highly recommended movie ,
it is pretty much of a mess
cheap budget
and poor script .
the strength lies in an excellent cast and an interesting general concept
awkward mess
the real shame lies in a waste of an excellent cast
worse than the rest ,
so the bad guy shoot an elephant
holt and the bad guy and every single one of their `` boy . ''
it was fantastic but i think
it is more funnier
our intelligence is not insulted by a sappy
but that is not necessarily a bad thing .
it `` a far cry from de sica 's best '' the one
the film is a gem from beginning to end
brilliant adaptation of the largely interior monologue of leopold bloom
unfortunately
lack of fund for special effect .
unfortunately ,
but could be worse .
it was bad .
that made it especially bad since frosty and rudolph
too many pointless song
and a lousy plotline .
a bad movie
this contains spoilers.i have rarely seen a film
but if he really loved aymeric ,
it is the perfect way
nevertheless he sneaks out and watches the funeral from afar .
admired and hated by other in equal measure.this is not quite `` it is a wonderful life '' ,
the `` ending '' is predictable ,
unfortunately
at destroying the missile fails.the first flaws in this film
but wasted them .
so lamely you did not care
where the governmant sends all of the best scientist
it was worse than `` 27 day '' where an alien gives five earthling the chance
only to have his car eak down at the worst time .
soon the tow truck driver arrives at the perfect momant
and helps greatly with the flow of the story.the director lawrence kasdan ,
the cast is excellent ,
but alas it falls short of greatness
but that is almost beside the point.timberlake is simply a bad actor
and he would be equally terrible in any role .
timberlake alone is not to blame for his failure .
features some surprisingly bad writing .
( who is wasted here )
is punctuated by great music at the wrong moment -
but precisely through the badly chosen music and variant film speed
but this one was kind of boring and not very funny .
and made two more great scary movie.this film is about a group of teen
they have to escape.this movie is not horrible
it is a bit of fun
personally i had herd mostly bad buzz .
the best thing
i mean typically we see the girl meet boy by some amazing twist of fate ,
the movie was as predictable as the rest of the romance movie .
exclaims the captain after lunch and a demonstration of the robot 's ability to synthesize food and disintegrate waste.also revealing to the 1950 :
although we get fantastic monster and robot for the kiddy ,
the overall tone is bitter rather than pathetic
the animation is great
so great they kept the japanese music.as for the story :
its great .
it has a great feeling of friendship .
ash is really great in this movie ,
that her hubby is having an affair with her best girlfriend
bad acting
bad script :
waste of time oh yeah :
was i disappointed ?
some quite funny hijink ensue ,
and all the character go through subtle change .
that is just a really stupid thing to say ,
it is just so damned boring and pointless
none of these character are sympathetic
the acting is for the most part awful ,
that they will be `` corrupted '' by bad language ,
one of the funniest sequence takes place
which unites them turns out to be greater than that
being almost laughable .
just how bad a picture can be then you will want to see this one .
the casting is just wonderful .
except for the wit and cleverness.the second episode is just very funny
very silly and very enjoyable .
the script is so so laughable ... this in turn ,
and it is just sloppy soap opera dialog.worse yet ,
texture and arrangement of this theme never change ,
pathetic .
great location
the battle scene are so bad
the love plot is more embarrassing and ridiculous than in hong kong action movie .
in best case scenario
( which they would later perfect with the classic trouble with tribble ) .
but it all seems a morass of human emotional extremity played out in a weird blend of fantastic mystery
the last scene is possibly one of the worst scene
is funny and sympathetic .
( not the beloved evita ,
`` the man in the moon '' is a beautifully realistic look at life through the eye of an adolescent .
this film hits home as one of the most powerful and emotionally affecting film in recent times.this film is incredible ,
heder in another bad wig
anna faris is forgettable
eli wallach cursing is funny .
they could be so funny ? ?
is a wonderful movie with an incredible cast and a gifted writer .
but i have played one many time.in my opinion along with conker bad fur day ,
super mario 64 is one of the best video game for the nintendo 64 system.i have played this game plenty of time and its good every time.if you have an n64
is a very fun and good n64 game and i recommend it.10/10
there are four great movie
but rarely in boot camp .
her disappointment with the marriage and the privation of love
and the first remark i have is relative to the horrible quality of the vhs
the character are badly developed .
with the exposure of hedy lamarr beautiful east and naked fat body for the present standard of beauty .
another fantastic point is the poetic and metaphoric used of flower
i just loved being able to enter the world of the baltimore homicide squad again !
that were among the best our island produced .
and was surprised by how bad this version was .
but the rest of the cast fails so very badly .
sometime i could not stop laughing at the stupid acting and the repeated line :
with a script so bad
was funny ...
in the house of bill is very excellent
it was gon na be a mess from the opening minute
blah ... and not even my favorite horror babe adrienne barbeau can save this stupid teen horror flick from itself .
when they picked this one up.2/10
funny and had enough of an edge
very beautifully shot with some illiant and antonionian scene in between
they were beautiful but inexperienced .
the dialog is actually quite funny and poignant at time ,
and there is some incredibly inspired work here.my favorite moment of the short surround the movement of the liquefied color through pipe .
than harman and ising were.this is truly a beautiful cartoon
recommended ,
boring and way too long .
it is sad that all of the great legend of the horror film in the sound era were eventually reduced to starring in low grade rubbish like this .
boris did get off slightly better than poor old bela lugosi but not by much .
for trying to hold this mess together .
but you would be hard pressed to find a great deal of poe in the finished article.still ,
there are far better film out there with boris karloff at his best ,
first off i really enjoyed zombi 2 by lucio fulci .
i really enjoyed lucio fulci movie
but this one was horrible .
nightly fridge-raid and all the other fun stuff
of having laurel and hardy this time in the role of chimney sweeper works out surprisingly hilarious .
it guarantees some funny situation and silly antic
sam adam is great as the stereotypical butler and lucien littlefield goes deliciously over-the-top
as the nutty professor.the movie is filled with some excellent timed and hilarious constructed sequence ,
which are all quite predictable but become hilarious to watch nevertheless thank to the way
that begin with a funeral ,
predictable life with george .
as terrible
and not bad at all .
as they take something as light-weight and predictable as this script
that is fun
another attractive feature is the number of great wwii song
even though there are a lot worse movie
so there are some interesting question ought up here for a solid socially critic drama
but on the other hand it is nothing more then a cheap action movie
probably new zealand worst movie ever madethe joke
they are not funny .
and just plain corny the acting is bad
even though there is a great castthe story is uninteresting
and boring has more cheese then pizza hut cheese lover pizza kind of like the acting has been do 1,000 time beforei watched this
but was so boring could only stand 30 minute of it .
is dennis hopper perfect as a crazed
and how macae and funny it was at the same time.director ron dahl
i am rarely moved to make a comment online about a film .
get a nice big cheque from daddy and kidnap david badiel 's family one by one
a terrible shame .
ridiculous
and extremely funny .
unfortunately
and went oke funding the film )
where those gargantuan tree tower to great height ,
but it was awfully hard for me to keep from giggling uncontrollably .
because director jone is able to effectively cut away from a great deal of knife penetration
i have seen better and worse of this type of slasher film ,
it is rather mediocre
at best
but will this newfound relationship last past sunrise.this wonderful romantic-comedy is a eath of fresh air to a genre
and have a wonderful charisma between the two .
watching because of the great entertainment .
swing is the best !
played by one of the most beautiful woman in movie dorothy van engle .
in between there is great entertainment by chorus girl
he should be commended for such a bold move.this movie was the first race film i really enjoyed
this movie is one of the best of the race film genre ,
and down of show business.no these early race film may not be the best ,
or any other hollywood film but their great
be beautiful
most of the actor and actress of these race film were not the best ,
some were not great actor and actress ,
maybe race film are not the greatest example of cinema
but even hollywood film did not start out great in the beginning .
if your looking for great acting ,
to watch such a horrible movie .
it essentially fails
and the dialog.probably it would be a bad idea
to give away too many of the relatively subtle gag
it is bob newhart 's best role
but he is perfect in this part .
good actor and good performance can not mask a pointless script
bad dialogue ,
-- and the best line to spit out
that is not predictable ?
it makes the movie extremely predictable
so for a thriller it is not tense and unpredictable enough
it was so incredibly obvious and cheap
that this is a cheap porn movie
so unfortunately
it is a waste of her talent
all of the other character are a disappointment .
the husband of the main character is portrayed is even worse .
it is predictable
and therefor also lacks in suspense and credibility .
not an 'horrible ' movie
but all the weak and clich\u00e9 element in the movie also make this far from a recommendable one.4/10
life 's going not to badly for harry mitchell ,
as in many film noir
great character actor playing very believable role .
who is capable of performing incredible psychopathic act
in order to avoid jail and punish double-crosser .
the vicious black ex-con psychopath from carl franklin 's well-regarded neo-noir `` one false move ''
but not in an annoying way .
or stephen seagal 's character is going to get taken down by the baddy
that harry was dealing with little more than an overtly annoying and erroneous tax claim from the ir .
there is good sleazy violent noir content in this film ,
but i feel that to be in the excellent acket
( no disrespect to the great roy scheider ) .
my personal favorite horror film .
michael has come home to murder again.the story is perfectly simple
like any great horror film
( and one of the best death ) ,
that it is perfect for the character ,
and of course there is the perfectly cast donald pleasence as the determined
( usually badly )
the film best bit until nearly everything about it has become familiar .
highest reguards.10/10
worse than the rating it has been given .
bad to awful acting
that is poorly written
this movie is terrible .
were awful
i was sorely disappointed
which overlaid black actor and funky atmosphere over traditional b- movie plot .
i went into this movie hoping for the best .
the writer gave them boring dialog .
the best number was the snippet
that spike jone did had little of his great musical comedy ;
billy idol and a make such a waste of time ?
that is not funny ,
mostly regarding the frankly terrible `` theme song '' ,
over and over again to an electronic beat is as bad
it is completely confusing.a terrible screenplay ,
which some excellent acting can not rescue .
and the electronica sound track is frankly terrible .
and it is too bad
what is even more alarming is that spielberg himself was not even nominated for best director .
( best actress ) ,
( best supporting actress )
( best supporting actress ) .
spielberg did not receive a best director nomination for his effort .
about how it could be so poorly treated on oscar night .
maybe i am just having a bad run with hindi movie lately .
to be the stupidest hindi movie i
what ridiculous junk .
it - the poor illiterate indian mass
and probably deserve such god-awful stuff.it a short review
perhaps the greatest
but `` pro-life '' is perhaps the worst i
is stupid
and he talks about it as his best work for a long time ,
directed by bernard rose with a just beautiful music score and a few nice
being a really great movie is burke
everybody else is just great.spier is very good as mark ;
is also very good as anna 's mother and ben cross is both frightening and sympathetic as anna 's father.a sleeper hit
that is too bad
pretty funny and sometimes
it will succeed.not bad film
but i enjoyed it .
she is one of my all time favorite movie actors.i laughed and cried as the story unfolded .
great story and cast .
i rank this the best of the zorro chapterplays.the exciting musical score adds punch to an exciting screen play.there
is an excellent supporting cast and mystery villain
is the great directing team of whitney and english .
overall though unless you are a fan of her avoid this
too bad
unless he emails me asking for forgiveness.too bad - i miss kelly lebrock ... --
was used to great effect ,
are some of the best i have seen in the last couple of year .
the gore factor is superb
that you wasted time
so basically this movie was a waste of time to watch .
that year 'english patient ' got the best film oscar and in the foreign film category 'kolya ' won .
watch it 9/10 .
that a movie was made for one of my favorite book
this provides for some predictable but well done conflict .
probably most enjoyable was the way
the main character grew a little bit in his romantic relationship realizing a greater depth to sexual feeling .
this statement defines his cinema perfectly
that julianne moore and the gardener discuss in the aforementioned film.sirk understood the element of melodrama perfectly .
and not surprisingly we root for the split character ,
in fact they worked just great .
has an amazing physical resemblance with jimmy caan 's sonny corleone .
a weakness in sexual power ) .
the other great film
amazingly
a highlight in the career of this wonderful director .
that this is his best film .
but sadly this film just does not do any justice to it .
and it was shot beautifully -
a very forgettable film .
she is prepared for the worst
this in my opinion is the worst thing about the hbo series .
however this movie shows weak plot and slow pace .
overall i find this movie is a disappointment .
what i enjoyed most on it is the variety of mood
it is a enjoyable holiday movie for one and all .
the movie segue from decade to decade from the 10 's to the 80 's with amazing newsreel footage trailing soviet history from the revolution to war famine and the titanic technological achievemants of an empire
often funny bizarre and tragic at the same time ,
the amazing visual
an oil derric erupt in flame and the movie erupt in a wild explosion of pure cinema .
and the 15 month old giggled at the mice.the music is fun
and the animation is wonderful .
and i loved the music score by rachel portman so much ,
i do not know what else mcgrath could have done to more perfectly capture the spirit and major plot element of miss austen 's work ,
the film 's beautiful background are a major contributor to its appeal and success .
mcgrath is a wonder at choreographing the interplay of subtle expression
that occurs in this story.this refreshing movie could also be a clinic
on how enjoyable a film can be minus sex
but this is without question my favorite .
to kill him but fails in a very dumb way .
that nose is so beautiful
so he thought it best
that make an excellent melodrama :
******spoilers******the unfunny radio quiz show host kyser
and his mediocre band are the excuse for lugosi
and lorre to pick up a paycheck in this bland
not recommended to any but the absolute horror completist .
and wish horrible death.rounding out a series of bad sci-fi channel flick ,
truly awful exercise in the creature feature canon .
carradine spends a great deal of the film taunting bell
lost is largely considered one of the most beautiful tv series
that the island hide ... the third season is perhaps the second most beautiful
to kill their person and their livestock ... tim roth\u0097the perfect antithesis to the hero ,
a nasty 'hired sword ' wonderfully evil
seeking his fortune and the favor of great man
whom he mistook for a girl ... cunningham seems pathetic ...
but not terribly harmful-until a muscular swordman insult him ,
that earned him a best supporting actor nomination ...
skip this movie ... it is a waste of time .
the amazing life of the fast-food grifter japanese title :
which helped consolidate anime 's international acceptance - and also burrowed itself into andy and larry wachowski 's overall concept for the matrix.the movie 's sequel
the amazing life of the fast-food grifter \u0096
without great antecedent in great film ,
is a very good and funny comedy ,
highly recommended
unsubtle and
polouse story is arguably one of the best work by the master of action himself.compared to other action film ,
and the action scene are superb.if new line cinema has any sense ,
i loved the running man .
i was all ready for a night of fun !
but this film was bad .
once again : bad .
the artwork style is beautiful and reminiscent of traditional anime
have to say that this is one of the best anime i have seen
one of the best movie i have seen ,
and considered by many to be one of the greatest anime of all time.i must recommend the advision dvd ,
is incredible ,
megazone 23 is an incredible movie ,
even my mother enjoyed it .
the original lion king is the greatest masterpiece in cel animation .
simba 's pride is the by far the best direct-to-video sequel
robert guillame
the original exploitation classic-though far from enjoyable on almost any level
poorly put together on almost every level
that push to greatness.diane keaton
brilliant film
the next best film to the drunken master
the acting was terrible
and the dubbing was even worse
great .
that does not mess around !
early '70s nyc must have been a terrible place
and a nasty ghetto neighborhood.both david selby and ron leibman are fantastic in the lead ;
that he manages to perfectly balance this depressing mileu with ight comedy.why
is one of the best i have seen
nearly perfect .
-- rich girl/poor boy
but also a ridiculous
overblown disneyfied mess best summarized as `` rambo meets the black stallion . ''
but sadly reduced to a caricature in the sequel .
i have hardly been as disappointed in a movie ,
a mess of a movie .
even duller
in the best of them
who insisted on the greatness of american movie
the baddie got away .
and to avoid his fate
but it is rare to see a film
despite their tediousness ,
and did a mediocre job at best .
that the plot was all too predictable
( they really try their best i think )
through their line of bad script ,
i love this british-style of storytelling similar to any of the bbc 's `` ghost story for christmas '' adaptation of the great m.r .
or a warning to mankind not to mess with nature
the story is lame ,
it is about this poor guy aaron
especially this last bit is ridiculous .
but as the operation fails on account of the apparent nervous eakdown of the patient ,
that is involved with poor aaron ,
which could have been fun to watch ,
how she has matured into a beautiful and classy forty-something lady .
as being a silly and rather boring movie
when great director/actor combination are talked about the team of j. lee thompson and charle bronson is not usually mentioned .
probably because the output of nine joint venture between the two of them runs the gamut from the really good action entertainment to the mediocre .
unfortunately kinjite :
to getting some cheap jolly
in fact in the film 's best scene
this was bad ,
we shrunk ourselves was sort of laughable .
i had to laugh at that movie `` roach '' stuart pankin and the party bully were even more ridiculous
after seeing the fantastic 2001 live action version of the film .
( samwise gangee is particularly annoying
( awful ! ) )
the bad thing are that it ends upruptly halfway through the two tower
not as bad
which in turn caused him to create one of the greatest fantasy series ever put on film ,
and this had to be the best one i have seen in the two week.jason bigg 's character was the best though.even
highly acclaimed director nelson mccormick has ought us the second best volleyball movie of all time
and a preposterously ugly and annoying girl ,
the beginning was great
where a ravenous wife complain to a morally weak man
( a great performance by juan de landa )
it is always fascinating ,
his direction is as great
with the camera moving illiantly and the editing perfect .
to point out the film 's best performance
9/10 .
this has to be the all time best computer animation classic .
we see the sinister menace of the bad guy suddenly diffused as the scene dissolves into a light-hearted awl .
and making the comedy a greater relief of tension.a real touch of genius is in the way
and crucially a sympathetic one ,
and giving water to dying men.but the best effort of writer and director
since their best role were generally found somewhere on the spectrum between drama and comedy .
grant in particular is at his best
but he is by no mean bad .
but gunga din does thing that even the best of those swashbuckler could never achieve .
i can not believe that i wasted five hour of my life on this rubbish .
the previous five day offering by this author was highly enjoyable
-- sadly )
eventually this all leads to disaster.boring
totally predictable 1940s outing .
the acting is horrible .
such expressionless boring actor !
involving a ghost of a great dane walking through wall .
there is also one of the worst-looking knockout in cinema history .
none of this is fun enough
avoid .
1/10.seriously .
and must give the viewer a general flavor of the situation at the time and as best as one can hitler 's state of mind .
you have to see some terrible
it is unbelievable how bad these actor are ,
i could go on like this but that to much of a waste of my time .
jessica simpson is not a great actress by any mean ,
but she is pretty much beautiful
and never truly annoying .
penny marshall is funny
( a subtle in-joke about milwaukee made me chuckle ) ,
and there is a funny scene
not horrible
was a quite disappointing experience .
it lacks almost all the quality
the visual are dull ,
this film lacks almost all artistic quality .
an annoying self-centered writer with a morbid imagination .
a beautiful wealthy salon owner .
i figured out is my favorite gender .
could be so awful ,
steve carrel proves himself to be a great leading man in this wonderful
and then andy has to go through a rather funny as hell odyessy of rude sexual awakening ,
about it is too bad steve carrel was not recognized as a leaving man 20 year ago .
he is definitely gon na win best eakthrough male performance in next year mtv movie award .
i give this one a perfect 10 !
that was particularly awful ,
and ruined the film perfect credibility
was because it was a major letdown for winning best picture at the oscar .
like this film could have been so much better considering saving private ryan lost best picture ,
how this won best picture.if you are looking for an action packed war flick
( which is all over the place and a bit of a mess )
great woody allen ?
laughing hard and often at some of the best woody allen line
watching this film for the action is rather a waste of time ,
this is quite possibly the worst acting i have ever seen in a movie ... ever .
as great must either be out of their mind
that soft movie are bad .
rob roy was a weak `` hero '' with no knowledge
but the best performance in it has to go the nature of scotland .
this movie was truly god-awful .
expecting it to be horrible ,
and it somehow managed to exceed my expectations.the script was weak ,
we were both disappointed.the growing of the east
he came off as oddly weak and silly .
here.bonesetter is a perfect example of a 0/10 film .
there are strand of a bad dandd novel kind of plot
a truly awful film .
despite pretty bad review ,
shu qi looks as fantastic as always ,
rosemary vandeouck and amanda strang caught my roving eye in particular.unfortunately ,
the story is weak
the action shoddy and the special effect downright pathetic .
all in all an excellent movie .
the best thing
8/10
it is a great movie for older kid
a great film requiring an acquired taste .
easily the best film
would give 10/10 for is dil wale dulhaniya le jayenge .
having just sat through this thoroughly confusing mess of a movie ,
and gratuitous female nudity'\u0097all ingredient of a great trashy euro-horror ;
is a lame attempt by massacessi
2.5/10
was great ,
but selma blair is stuck in the stupidity of her cruel intention character .
jame brolin was great ,
that it would be overly sympathetic to hitler .
committed by one of history 's greatest villain
career best performance from robert carlyle ,
being without ever redeeming him in any way .
would accuse it of having anything but the best of intention
of doing anything but good.9/10 .
it is not the worst film ever made ,
it is not the best film ever made ,
the actor are not excellent
a fun somewhere .
an enjoyable
`` do not take it seriously '' or `` so bad its good '' or `` it was not scary '' .
its a stupid
the first tremor movie was great .
the second one was ridiculous .
the tv series was depressingly awful .
and this movie just drives the stake deeper.basically another excuse for cheap computer effect and puppetry ,
avoid this garbage .
we liked the movie and the message ,
has never been more beautiful ,
unfortunately
but this one i have to say was a bad choice just like her doing the movie ring around the rosie ,
but - what a disappointment !
( yet beautiful )
and we have forgotten about it.an unexpected gem .
portrayed as a fun
even though no solution to these poor woman is ever achieved ,
that sadly has nothing to do with the main storyline .
to be visually stimulating and very funny .
because not one minute of the film is wasted ,
that points up the indomitability of the human spirit against the worst of odd
subtlety .
i suppose it is nice and trendy to see wonderful thing in the absolute emptiness of a film like this .
with the sometime pointless excess of many hollywood film
that they must hold some great meaning and insight ,
because the implied message in shrouded in bafflement .
the acting is poor ... bland and pedestrian ...
and features one of the worst crying scene in history
and the ridiculously long ending sequence of the girl walking through the barren park is as pleasurable
this film offers nothing to interest or amaze ... no great story
this film is a waste of two hour .
a tragically boring and dreary film .
in a not so conventional sense of the word.this movie was one of my favorite as a young child ,
it remains one of my favorite film .
not only is it a musical with annoyingly forgettable tune
the spoofs on other popular movie of that time were some of the funniest i
felt the funniest part in the movie
unfortunately
the film becomes a tad repetitive and dull .
she is fantastic .
the color photography is beautiful
as he sang so many of the world ' best known and beloved aria .
the fictional story line does nothing to mar this beautiful film .
easily one of the best horror film of all time .
how bad the fourth and fifth one were ,
this would have to be good after the previous terrible one .
had already been terrible enough !
the acting in it was terrible ,
the story-line was predictable and crap
this film is not `` funny '' at all .
since when is freddy krueger supposed to be `` funny '' ?
i would call it funnily crap .
the ending was also just plain stupid and cheesy ,
a pathetic and poor attempt at a sequel.- a complete mockery of the first film so please ,
do not waste your time on this worthless junk .
but the execution is badly blurred.there is an air of fantasy about this film
a very disappointing film .
setting with incredible special effect and computer generated imagery
it is a waste of my time .
but good film ... .unfortunately those ingredient had gone off !
the acting was terrible ,
the remark and one liner are just terrible ,
bad writing ... .but this is more than that ,
it was bad writing coupled with bad acting .
disappointing !
morgan finds himself attracted to a beautiful woman
can he trust the beautiful but mysterious ritum foster
where they put this horrible contraption on morgan 's head to ainwash him
from a wimpy guy with bad hair and glass ,
the ending is incredible !
the twist is so much fun !
were funny .
joie lenz and marisa ryan play their role okay but nothing great .
from a non-fan i still enjoyed this little get-together .
who was going to know.the funny thing
this movie is one of the worst one of the year .
and the acting is horrible .
and the only one that is not annoying .
but in this movie she was horrible .
this movie is incredibly funny and stupid !
the acting is the same - lame !
`` the house of the spirit '' is quite awful .
this particular movie treats viewer as both ignorant and stupid .
it is an amazing movie .
ton of poorly directed / super-cheesy scene
the movie is so bad
that i wasted some good 100 minute of my precious life on this one ) .
this is just the best movie of all time !
and i loved it immediately
and he loved it immediately ,
or how great the cast was ... chapeau
private lesson ii is the greatest movie
( poorly )
it is the greatest comedy around
without ever being intentionally funny.the film
is rare and unavailable on video ,
introduce this film gem to the world.joanna pacula plays the tutor/lover to ken
and has great hair through out the movie .
or that ken is wearing a shirt with emoidered husk of corn in the movie 's finale.the movie is predictable
it sounds like we are lame loser
but we are lame loser
performance by rip torn and conchata farrell were superb
photography excellent ,
it was ridiculously stupid in its storyline ,
and deserves to be mocked for it.it is not quite as awful as baghban or black ,
stupid
pointless
with a ridiculously ott performance by amitji .
i enjoyed the past bond game :
this one is definitely the best !
they make a great team .
pierce brosnan is funny
he is a great actor !
he does a great job with an accent .
and spider-man with my favorite actress :
'' ranks as one of the best bug cartoon
indeed one of the best bug
( chuck jone ' was the best version )
for great example of classic bug and classic chuck jone .
the bad thing is that does not happen very soon .
that does get boring ,
even worse the set design itself was not even interesting to begin with ,
to make up for the boring beginning .
sadly that is not the case .
they are just not interesting or fun ,
really bad slasher movie .
not the greatest film
is probably the worst swordsman i have ever seen .
as bad.this film is described as adventure and horror .
the actor acted out their character ' personality perfectly .
that would have been great !
because it is one of my favorite ,
i give this movie a 10/10 !
there are often badly-matched couple
huston 's effort might be the worst of this rather bad lot
.john wayne perfectly fits in ford 's world ,
in huston 's he is like a bull in a china shop.his japanese partner is totally bland.even the dramatic scene
among all his other great movie around .
my favorite part of this film was the old man 's attempt to cure his neighbor 's ill
this was a wonderful film in this series ;
this is another wonderful classic tarzan movie .
i found the character mediocre and the story uninteresting .
one generation no better than the next at avoiding stupid mistake .
the actor did the best
they could with a lame story .
which unfortunately convinced me to give this movie a try .
and have fun with it ,
that otherwise would have been excellent ,
that the purpose or message of a film needs to be clarified or explained with the help of other reviewer .
`` this is one of the best film of all time !
and many more poor soul will buy it looking for more material on the same subject .
this movie is not even `` so bad ''
that it becomes funny or endearing ,
rather the audience will be so unbelievably disappointed
now with most of the insult out of the way ,
i also did not expect to be blown away by great dialog or a moving score .
the costuming is surprisingly not bad and the hope
but it is perhaps the best way to summarize this entire film .
the editing is mind-bogglingly bad .
only to see the professor grab a pitchfork and open the weak shed a second later .
the special effect are laughable
it is so awful in technical aspect ,
avoid this film at all cost .
it begins as a slow-moving western but follows to surprise us with dark character and solid plot .
but later the event get worse .
phenomanal and great role for robert mitchum as avenger angel and bitter gunfighter ,
pointless and almost inacessible screenplay .
even further into a world of intrigue.this is a utal film noir unrated
hope and best wish
even if she does not make the best decision along the way .
that this one is worse then the first one .
it was stupid and pointless sorry to say
it might have been funner
but they successfully created the worst episode in the entire series.there is no story line ,
that stupid `` previously on ... '' ... ... is simply embarrassing.its clear
and that is really too bad .
enjoyable and quite fulfilling .
it is rare that you find a family movie
most are cheaply made ,
paulie is the best family movie i
have found and wholeheartedly enjoyed .
where they meet some wonderfully cast character ,
stuff like this will get commissioned for time immemorial unfortunately
it is got david baddiel in it
but kinda dysfunctional and with incestuous relationship ?
sounds great ! `` .
messed-up plot .
and pondering the sheer awesomene of whoever decided to green light this ridiculous piece of .there is lot of singing .
the stock shot of a cathay pacific jumbo jet landing at the old airport makes the transition perfectly .
to produce an excellent movie .
solid workmanship from person
an excellent piece of work !
this is a fantastic series first and foremost .
one of the best thing this has going for it is all the interview with past individual back
one of the best part is the narrating by sir laurence oliver .
overall a fascinating look at wwii and a must see for any serious wwii historian professional or personal alike .
this was a wonderful little american propaganda film
that the film is going to be sympathetic
these episode are amazingly well done
the film does a great job
a horrible person
the teaser being an absolute gem .
lance guest does a great job
lang is still one of america 's great underrated actor ,
watched in awe at these great actor ,
say great word .
the filming was beautiful .
that this message is heard over any bad comment
just wonderfully awkward
beautiful kind character
just great .
-- it does not work.when salma hayak does her big disco number her voice is so obviously dubbed it is pathetic
he does an incredible job .
it is a parody of other cartoon with a single bad guy
which focuses on the best/funniest scooby-doo character !
the bad-guys
bad feature :
this is one of the best animated movie i have ever seen in my life .
this is not just a fun movie
because it was so disappointing
and is without a doubt clark 's worst film there is so much wrong with this film .
some of the acting is great
that clark 's best film is 'another day in paradise ' .
it is fantastic
what a fun filled
( she is slim but wonderfully curvy )
( i have loved her since the original run of ufo -
one of his weakest werewolf film ...
worst of all is occasional non-matching footage of naschy 's ravenous werewolf swiped straight from another previous film
most book adaptation are bad
they added ridiculous thing
it would have been an incredibly dull film ,
it turns the character into jokes.awful.ridiculous.waste of two hour of my life .
a bdsm `` sub-culture '' of los angele serve as backdrop for this low budget and shabbily constructed mess ,
lighting and editing pyrotechnic can ever reach a point of connection to a weak and often incoherent narrative
one solid acting turn appears among this slag :
taken as a whole gymkata is one helluva bad movie
the god-awful script
however this movie is so terrible
really funny .
and how dull would it be
show biz star is more fun .
( and my late grandmother even enjoyed it ,
i enjoyed the movie a lot
i do not see anything quite bad about it .
despite it is `` messy '' nature ,
this is quite an excellent movie indeed ,
the cast is excellent
i personally loved the cast and character.all those
this is a great film
i was really astonished at how great the story line was .
i loved it !
robert altman is my favorite american director .
that i have enjoyed the film
if only for giving me the pleasure of seeing a grown-up and beautiful brigitte fossey ,
who was unforgettable as the little girl in `` forbidden game '' ; `` health ''
shelley duvall 's olive oyl and the wonderful malta location ; `` o.c .
have even enjoyed his one-act tv movie
you have wonderful performance
so it is not surprising for me to find so many bad comment posted here about `` the gingeread man ''
great performance
a funny lawyer ' office with typical irreverent receptionist and secretary .
while some person find it boring ,
i found the first act fascinating ,
thank also for the great cinematography by changwei gu
if you fall under the spell of someone younger and beautiful as embeth davidtz .
the second act gets a little phony and even funny ,
i was not disappointed a bit with the movie .
the american reader has turned him into a best-selling author .
the dullness
as it is ( 5.9/10
this movie has incredible special effect
complex great character interaction
and i absolutely loved it !
that this movie is one of my greatest dvds .
you will be blown away by the amazing special effect and epic feel of this movie .
making fun of the movie .
we could not have chosen a worse movie.the movie may have been alright with a few change .
physical gag were poorly performed and placed .
there were some funny joke ,
but to best sum up the comedy i will simply tell the opening gag for the fat kid .
kadeem hardison plays his role wonderfully and performs his joke so
the other redeeming element to the movie is the beautiful mrs. ali landry .
which is a shame.do not waste your time even renting this one .
famke jansen is great ,
great full nude scene of her
this is such a great movie `` call me anna ''
`` wizard of the lost kingdom '' is a very cheap and cheesy fantasy/sword-and-sorcery adventure
admittedly it does not even sound too bad thus far ,
and there is the supposedly horrible 'suicide cave '
best sequence ever !
`` wizard of the lost kingdom '' is a tremendously messed-up `` so-bad-it is-good '' film .
it displays the amazing acting ability of whoopi goldberg
not only is steven spielberg the most incredible director of all time but his versatility shine through in this film .
it is a beautiful portrayal of one of the most moving story of all time !
the title was perhaps the greatest idea
it is about a psycho cop with a weakness
as if they are in a poor film noir movie
but where is the mindlessness and the horrible disfigurement ?
and perhaps a great satire on the zombie genre ,
it makes fun of that genre and asks the question ,
`` why can not zombie be beautiful vixen killing machine ? ''
that this movie would be considered a really bad indie movie
it is an insult and as for scary not even .
a great bug bunny cartoon from the earlier year has bug as a performer in an window display at a local department store .
it still remains as funny nearly 60+ year later .
it started out with great intention ,
featuring great looking set and authentic prop and costume .
the film quickly degenerated into horrible on the nose cheesy dialogue ,
and the action was so convoluted and poorly cut
that the german officer talked about was how wonderful the american are .
this dvd does have an excellent extra feature ,
thus making this rental not a total waste of my time .
( a sympathetic performance by simon scuddamore )
flick so much cheesy fun :
a totally ridiculous
and one of those lovably lame
`` it was all just a terrible dream '' fake-out non-ending .
the cast all give solid performance
trashy fun .
so it was with great irritation
the `` best '' version of this film was probably the earlier version i taped from 1981 ,
that the american version had some shorter/cut/different scene and/or dialogue is a huge disappointment to me and something worth
one best bet is to try and get a hold of the european version of this film
one of the best film
it was a great film and the performance
wonderful.the real stand-out for me
if you are looking for a fun snapshot of their pre-beatlemania day leading up to their arrival in america
as this film is a poorly written
and badly executed load of old tosh ,
used innovative camera-work and superb lighting
only the very best ever achieve this feat ,
when they do it is only in a handful of part at best.the whole story
this film was the recipient of the 1990 academy award for best animated short film .
that this film might just be the worst of them all
that 1989 must have just been a horrible year for the genre.the film shows a group of character
the great short knick knack also came out in 1989
it was a great short
and so funny
`` the forest '' is not totally hopeless and not even *that* bad
and the script has solid ambition toward supernaturalism .
and there are even are a couple of surprisingly strong momant of tension and plot twist to enjoy .
but due to a stupid bet
and they find out more about the slightly dysfunction background .
and the filming location are stunningly beautiful .
too bad it ultimately fails .
this remains one of the very best depiction of superman on tv
was a perfect choice
one of my favorite appearance was by wonder woman ,
it was absolutely incredible .
( which are in order of best to least for me ) :
arguably the most beautiful and the most calming one .
( the comic reliefs/rubbish baddy )
the rather unnecessary violence and action and the baddie is pretty uninteresting ,
even more so than a few pokemon film baddy .
this a fascinatingly awful movie .
( like all those 1950s 'the incredible insert verb ing man ' movie )
unfortunately he did not take enough .
to rid himself of this dreadful affliction before the next full moon
i particularly enjoyed kevin kline 's and sally field 's performance .
are all too rare in this world .
just a great movie
the `` wrinkle in time '' book series is my favorite series from childhood .
i was disappointed with this film
would be a great understatement.if
avoid this movie at all costs.i found this statement at the wikipedia page of the novel :
'i expected it to be bad ,
this was a perfect 10 ,
the cinematography was also beautifully filmed ,
was awful .
it was awful in two respect .
even though it would have been predictable and very hollywood ,
it is a great zombie flick
but is also packed with bad zombie effect .
i would recommend this movie to horror fan everywhere.10/10fan of horror movie
is not bad ,
too bad .
game on is a funny british sitcom
the film is just bad for so many reason .
the plot is unbelievably predictable from the overtly slapstick bit to the serious mushy bit :
ugh just that montage where all three of them are having fun and then the photograph bit .
that the film was bad .
it portrays man as stupid animal
doing stupid thing
are other bad thing about this film too like ben chaplin 's character
is that the best the script writer could come up with ?
there is also a truly awful phone sex scene
how cheap the film is .
but is actually beautiful .
where a bunch of high class waster go to a remote mansion
the shining is going to be bitterly disappointed
what a wonderful director the way
one of the worst thriller ever made .
involved in this mess
that fa\u00dfbinder still is called one of the greatest director in post-war germany
the acting is simply terrible - hanna schygulla is all the smiling like an idiot !
the changing between nazi-glamour and battlefield are ridiculous ,
but for me this movie is simply bad and cheap .
the neil simon 's sunshine boys starring walter matthau and george burn is a funny comedy on the strange bond to the life and its shortness ,
the couple in his old time was truly funny and harmony ,
they must return together another time for do one of his best old sketch for a comedy story tv show .
and laughter succeeded to generate a good mix also thanks to a great couple walter matthu
( nomination academy award as best actor )
as best support actor ) .
was how similar this looked to another terrible movie `` darkness fall ''
unfortunately
more like a pointless introduction of two little kid
the opening is filmed poorly ,
unfortunately seconds later
and rekindle their romance ... this is a bad movie ,
and this is not the worst part of this awful mess ,
this movie might have the most laughable climax
( not literally laughable
because i found it more sickening than funny )
but he also decided to use sub-par special effect with a confusing and boring plot ,
they like to showcase horrible movie ,
monarch cove was one of the best friday night 's drama
and did a wonderful job with their line
and help foster her life.it was great seeing the grandparent work out their problem ,
is best .
was to see how bad and funny it could be .
there was no doubt about it being funny and bad ,
that lacks the depth of the original ; robert dornhelm and brendan donnison 's natasha rostova - a scarecrow ,
lacks depth of a russian soul and `` struggle within '' ;
it all look cheap
and make fun of .
it result in numerous laugh - especially clemance poesy is uncomfortably ridiculous and her dancing
that it is funny !
that maybe the borodino battle would be great
some scene are ironically ridiculous
and the actor are doing their best .
there were extenuating circumstance then.4/10
very rarely does denzil washington make a bad movie
this must count as one of their best film .
is amazing is how he manages to control all the extra .
8/10 .
they did a great job .
the character and the story was perfect .
the acting was wonderful .
this has got to be the best movie
the best movie to come out of the sci-fi channel .
i give the fallen one 9/10 .
it was terrible .
poor cinderella is a girl
when the prince of the kingdom need a girlfriend.9/10
i really do not hate it that bad
i would give it like a 4/10 ,
they have such great talent
they made up a bad show .
as the film imply is laughable .
poor actor
this film is cheap
tacky and fails
makes it a favorite of mine .
the monologue were dull
boothe does a great performance ,
( that is why it is so terrible - it all happened ,
because the two least glossy - `` alice in wonderland '' and `` peter pan '' - are also the weakest .
the best.it does look good .
the background are subtle and consistent ;
and animated - one of the best feline creation of all time .
this spectacular film is one of the most amazing movie i
the actor are all perfect ,
that it is almost laughable ,
but you do not want to waste the energy to do so .
( the wonderfully talented and beautiful kira reed ) .
this makes for a great film
! 10/10
the tricky `` bad guy '' try but fail and the `` good guy '' rescue one of the idiot astronaut and then head to mar .
unfortunately
turning an incredibly beautiful piece of art
that the horrible job a-i did with this film
but the really bad moment
to make it a must-see for bad movie buff and too dopey
it was the first to win an emmy award for best syndicated series ,
`` story of the century '' was not that bad of an oater ,
best known for his role as the ewing patriarch in `` dallas '' ,
played by veteran and soon-to-be veteran character actors.two amazing fact here :
but after that i made a kind of a truce with the terrible cinematography ;
not only funnier
as being less funny than the joke here ,
neither is he comically bad .
much funnier ; also much more endearing .
what a fun film .
the wedding scene are dazzlingly beautiful .
this is a perfect date film .
it has a great sport plot like rocky ,
and we all loved it .
based on that ridiculous squeaky voice and the very limited range of hammy facial expression
the screenplay is dull ,
its not funny
and that too ends in a lame age-old sati-savitri pati-parmeshwar crap .
to give it the worst rating and i am shocked to see post praising the film .
and worse probably be a hit .
it was not terrible ,
and that was one of the best gay films i have ever seen .
to watch a mediocre gay flick.the story
it was not bad enough
but it had some bad moment and some terrible stereotyping .
john candy 's performance in once upon a crime is possibly his best ever .
when i saw this movie i was stunned by what a great movie
sure this movie will always be in my top 5.the acting is superb .
leonardo dicaprio and kate winslett are at their best .
may be the worst cinematic con trick of recent film .
the main bad guy are called the gouald ,
and they encounter new culture or bad guy .
which is perfectly understandable.my rating :
the director is not a great actress ,
that the film is edited lousy
this film was a disappointment .
but unfortunately one comes away from it thinking
one of the best world war ii film
warnicki is a sympathetic
too bad the rest of the movie does not do justice to some otherwise fine touch .
the great thing is ,
the bad acting can not carry the myriad of scene
a deathly-boring dud at that .
refreshing `lost ' gem !
featuring effective dialog combined with excellent acting
the danish movie `` slim slam slum '' surprised me to be the worst movie i
that it was possible to top my list of bad bad b-movie
it is not funny .
it is bad acting ,
it is bad filmed
and the storyline is bad .
as the badest danish film ever made !
but unable to avoid here .
because this frankly dreadful `` horror ''
that saves `` the convent '' from being a total waste of time
when someone is going to jump out and get messily murdered .
i know it is funny
i have had more fun in a dentist .
i do not enjoy the `` so bad
it is a bad film and yes ,
cheap
awesomely bad flick .
and what is the worst thing about it among a number of contending aspect ?
someone should have been a little vocal in their disappointment of coming all the way to the freaking arctic
in a ridiculous eak-in
riley gets to deliver a really stupid line .
so much fun !
as manic and imaginatively fun as other great miike film
and one of miike 's best !
the acting is really bad ,
they were attempting to be funny with these ,
to set up a funny youtube clip .
they are not too bad ,
nothing great either
very cheap production .
this worldwide was the cheap man 's version of what the nwa under jim crockett junior and jim crockett promotion made back in the 1980s on the localized `` big 3 '' station during the saturday morning/afternoon wrestling craze .
amazing as other sci fi movie such as star war or alien ,
will admit one of those two title are amazing ,
well my point is that the that you do not have to be a hard core sci fi fan to like this great series
which unfortunately ended after 10 amazing season with no drop in its quality
basically this is the best sci fi show to date ,
table get messed up .
fido tackles all these possibility in a sweet and surprisingly classy way
do not waste your time .
that desperate to avoid abdicating my sacred throne ?
that movie was really so bad ,
that this was an excellent movie ,
it is not difficult to see why i loved this movie a lot more than `` a dirty shame '' .
that they make fun of the art world
is not just funny ,
that you will see is great ,
overall this is not a great movie ,
is an enjoyable movie .
it certainly is not the best comedy ever ,
i give this movie a 6.5/10 .
and enjoyed both thoroughly .
what a disappointment !
while the character and animation are always fun to look at ,
and rather unusually the pilot episode is to me the best of the lot
the acting is excellent ,
and this show has some of the best character
he tries 2 b funny here
vd does his best move in his career ,
the best aspect of dm was the fast pace
sadly it has been unfairly compared to `` murder ,
now it is gone tv is a worse place .
superbly developed character into the lot of funny situation full of spirit
movie is a great comedy
enjoyable
unpredictable .
best point in a film :
rare in serbian movie .
unfortunately
and put more 'spookiness ' and less cheap shock in their flick .
scifi has been having some extremely bad luck
grendel is supposed to be based of the great epic beowulf
the quality of the writing was so poor
unfortunately
that any intrinsic passion for the character or the story was either secondary or non-existent.unfortunately ,
i enjoyed return to the lost world.rating :
-- if in your job you had an idea for something this bad
to execute it in as terrible a fashion as this ,
how much i enjoyed it as a kid .
they were fed up with the insensitive language and pointless
( and my ) disappointment with this movie.unfortunately
legend of frosty the snowman is more like a bad episode of fairly odd parent crossed with a worse-than-normal episode of sponge bob than a classic holiday movie .
( for mediocre
a much better choice than the embarrassingly bad legend of frosty the snowman .
before they can go home.that in itself sounds boring .
i am a great fan of war film
that at time was beautifully shot ,
but cinematography does not stop it from being totally dull and pointless.and get over the slow mo `` cartridge coming out of the gun '' shot already .
and everyone else loved it .
all predictable
even worse
( even when the plot development are laughable )
great performance added to this tremendous film .
it is just too bad
of that it loses any `` fun ''
evil breed has a horrible start
with laughable dialogue and horrible acting .
since there are some pretty great death scene .
the gore and nudity are not enough for the poor audio and visual quality of the film .
still attached with the umbilical cord.the horrible editing is distracting as well ,
it did have a bad start
but the ending just ings the film back down to a horrible level .
unless you are happy with the below budget horrible bad film with decent gore .
the only redeeming quality this movie has are the fairly original death scene .
from there this movie gets worse
way worse .
captures the time perfectly
this movie was terrible .
do not waste your time .
eva longoria parker was awful .
the mess he made in the movie i
you will be grateful to not have wasted your precious time .
to start watching movie rated over 7/10 and listen to the person
and place rarely represented by film .
great acting
albeit often more subtle ,
with hardly a dull moment .
as to the direction and resolution of the scene.rob roy will always remain high on my list of favorite film .
ray liotta as the psychotic cop is totally predictable and absurd .
and does little to be a convincing victim.every scene in this persiflage is absolutely predictable all the way to the end
loved it !
you could not ask for more.cast is superb .
carrie ann moss is absolute perfection as a debutante social climbing housewife .
k'sun is really great
the rest of the cast is wonderful .
a great and marvelous satiric poke at moral
that final scene is one of the best moment in all of show biz -
when you hack great hole in your plot ,
after having seen and loved postal
i actually loved postal ) ,
it seems like boll tried his best to come up with a decent plot
he last half hour quite tedious to watch ,
because between a lot of horrible film
and barbara stanwyck is great
look low and cheap .the fact
we are forced to a comedy with the routine stupid idiot like golmaal with tusshar
and then get boring there is a bored sub plot of tanushree 's other being killed towards the end the film try to get serious with the villain kidnapping our hero but here it gets even stupid then a lengthy bashing bashing climax straight out of hera pheri and wait
there is also a long chase in payal 's housethe film is so boring
that it makes you fall asleepdirection by priyan is very bad music
( pritam ) is routine except the first songcinematography is bad
the film has a cheap look throughoutrajpal yadav is good in his 1st scene where he goes to pay his rent and i was happy that the actor is not loud and over the top like other film but no ,
his dial delivery is terrible sharman is the saving grace ,
but does not impress much tanushree is bad
and is usual payal is a non actress murli sharma is terrible
dr. terrible 's house of horrible ; garth marenghi 's darkplace ; the mighty boosh ; snuff box .
where the unemployed are abused and insulted at the job center ;
but it is also great acting :
she and her beloved pet poodle end up in hiding at a gas station convent
the dog turn into obnoxious drag queen `` bitch ''
clarke is fantastic
and see someone very funny during the slapstick scene ,
it is too bad
the rest of this cult attempt does not live up to her promise.blame director/scripter sciamma ,
annoying supporting character and stupid dialogue
the film looks cheap ,
one is too stupid
smirking is funny
there is quite a funny bit
coupled with some astronomically bad luck ,
in keeping with fundamental realism ,
the film looks at how even best friend ,
that the director 's fixation on human drama prevented it from being the great
fun film
so many bad movie land on my desk and i actually sit through all of them .
sadly i was unable to acquire it
good luck and great fortune
and even then the development is spotty at best .
unfortunately the movie gets caught up in the the whole visually impressive
after person is laughably bad .
i quite enjoyed some of this ,
but the acting is so goddamn awful ,
just a complete waste of time
who wasted more time
or the poor sap
his early stuff is some of the best in the genre .
this however does not live up to its excellent name .
the story is terrible .
this got a 2/10 from me
written by the excellent mcgovern
and directed by frear this film was a slight disappointment .
and the terrible conclusion.still my wife thought
this- and not a certain slightly overrated southern soap opera-was the greatest epic
to come out of hollywood greatest year ,
and dougla fairbank jr. give superb comic performances.however ,
as the wonderful sam jaffe climbs laboriously up to the pinnacle of the temple
it never fails to enthrall me .
he defeated the army left in india by alexander the great '' ) villain .
funny
commonly used by bad writer .
for me the best part of this movie was that i saw it on a cable channel
the actor sport bad accent and director robert altman 's participation amount
thrown in for the ridiculous finale.branagh play macgruder with a mealy and unconvincing southern accent .
hipster bob downey jr. is every bit as bad as a p.i .
but with a little more emphasis on the bad accent .
it lacks his offbeat touch and observation
unfortunately
gingeread man is altman at his worst ,
the worst acting ever made
is very funny !
even the costume was bad .
if it was as bad as the first .
defun\u00e8s were superstar of low budget french film of that time .
musical number are awful ,
and comedy is absolutely boring and stupid .
the only one very rare thing
the future great actor of french cinema
how bad this piece of garbage is !
word defy description of this poorly made piece of crap !
the gore is laughable due to the silly unbelievable plot .
avoid !
there are some wonderful visual
and the make-up work is amazing ,
but what would seem a winning combination is just weak and plodding in its final product .
how lame ! ! ! !
a really dull reggae tune is played about three time
this film 's undeserved high reputation will convince many poor sucker to go
avoid at all cost
great fun.rating :
is as poor as anyone on earth .
probably gave his best performance here
in addition to an amazing script and acting ,
the informer reminds me of two of my other favorite ford film
10/10 .
the acting is superb ,
and the opening sequence is fantastic .
i have recommended this film to all of my friend .
another disappointing reminder
awful special effect .
seriously - awful .
farting suit voiced to an annoying degree by wayne knight
my favorite scene ?
alec guinness is a fantastic actor ;
the acting in the film is not always great ,
padded with footage from `` planet of the dinosuar '' and horrible joke this is definitely one to miss .
and while this is not as bad as `` chickboxer ''
this is still pretty awful repugnant stuff .
there is nothing to see here.the film-maker try to resell this turd as a mst3k style making fun of the movie they made a decade before
joan blondell is also excellent as the acid-tongued secretary-turned-love interest .
the ruby keeler/dick powell subplot is not as major this time but no less enjoyable .
the funny thing about cagney was
and is an excellent climax of the warner musical of that year
with keeler doing a poor job at looking chinese )
monster is a mind numbingly awful
while in chimayo bill must contend with an annoying reporter
this film is awful on all front .
by adding his two annoying child as new character ,
this is made even more tedious during the many scene
the monster itself is laughable
just about everything in this movie is a waste of time.the sound fx do not sound real ,
the actor performance can suffer greatly
how stupid it sound
to make international actor speak english with a bad accent ?
often ridiculous romp
it fails because of the subject matter .
as the government is thwarted into capturing the martian-martin.the part of mrs. brown is a perfect example of the non-success of the film .
a very big disappointment for those
who enjoyed the television
too bad
despite the less-than-wonderful script .
great storyline with a romantic
do not miss out on the best of the series .
easily the worst movie i have ever seen in my life .
pathetic .
all of pathetic quality .
but i thought it to be tedious .
and she played it to perfection .
i can not find fault with yfe montand 's performance of what was basically an amoral bum.i enjoyed some of claude lelouch 's novel technique .
the cinematography of those scene and of those in amsterdam was superb.i reviewed this movie as part of a project at the liary of congress .
as best i can determine
if you missed the point of this beyond-beautiful movie ,
it is the most amazing love story ever attempted .
how lame is that ?
but felt this movie was so awful
however i do not put blame on them ,
annoying overwhelming music
it altogether lacks anything remotely resembling subtlety .
what about subtlety of sound and music
to me the movie was like a poor man 's `` blade runner '' .the movie leaves far too many question and improbability .
it makes the movie leave a pointless and non-lasting impression.also the weird look of the movie does not help much .
which seemed like a very pointless- and odd choice ,
and the movie obviously was not cheap
and meaning of the movie gets muddled in the drivel of the movie and its script.the actor still did their very best .
why the movie made a very redundant impression on me.a failed and uninteresting movie experiment.3/10
this is not as funny and gory as the dvd box claim .
but this one is really just dull !
was to make a it is-so-bad-it is-good movie ,
but it fails .
it is just bad !
but in whole it is a mess .
but it is bad .
the magnet on the girl ' refrigerator and the god awful decor at the set ... and the music ... and clothes..and everything .
even the commentary is awful ,
she decided not to watch it from how bad the preview watched .
it is best to pass over this one .
bad time are ahead .
and a plethora of other cheap effect riddle this film .
it is a jumbled mess
and unfortunately the character were better developed
it also lacks a character focus
where de niro should have been superb
it also seems to have disappointed a lot of sport fan
unlawful entry etc had run out of steam a long time ago
and at best
what a muddled mess .
sadly
wonderful movie from an era gone by .
my wife and i would go see it.it is an excellent romantic comedy
that my wife and i watched on amc.this movie has tony randall at his best .
debbie reynold is great
loved it .
we plan on ordering on dvd to add to our growing collection of movie.too bad hollywood
sometimes they are great .
this one was awful ,
but that was bad enough .
the oh so stupid
and totally predictable evil corporation stuff .
i have seen wonderful science fiction movie
while it is not among altman 's best ,
but overall the film is not a bad addition to altman 's canon.also starring robert downey
one of the weaker carry on adventure see sid jame as the head of a crime gang stealing contraceptive pill .
matron lacks the customary pun and innuendo format
while a funny man in his own right
( livening up the duller episode of randall and hopkirk
as a nurse would be far funnier .
but lacks the irony
whenever someone accidentally flashes their knickers.carry on matron is not a bad film by any mean
the script is horrible ,
the acting is horrible ,
the direction is horrible .
someone commenting on how great the sex scene were ... what ?
that the movie was not a complete waste of time
with a script this awful they should have capitalized on wuhrer 's look ,
2/10
everyone was quite disappointed with this sci-fi flick .
i found it boring
and ridiculous .
avoid it .
1/10 .
the story gets convoluted with a poor illustration of ancient black magic ritual .
even though he gets the worst end of the stick in the climax .
the cop in the movie are the most stupid
there seems to be some message about the mid-'30s spanish civil war
pakeezah is in my mind the greatest achievement of indian cinema .
i loved it .
and provided great escapism .
sadly our society has so much available ,
( predictable )
the film is undeniably cheaply-made with its cardboard set
the acting range from very poor
and the dialogue is fantastic for a movie of this ilk .
thereby creating the perfect woman for a man with the best of both body and soul .
what is good/bad .
episode became predictable .
ford 's excellent movie takes aaham lincoln
the lincoln-fonda as defender advocate and donald meek-prosecutor are nothing short of illiant.excellent performance from henry fonda as idealistic
she was a great actress from the silent cinema ,
they are both trying to make both themselves and their parent happy but ; unfortunately ,
to be followed up by perhaps his worst movie in is career .
this movie was shot down terribly by horrible acting job by goldbeg
bad movie .
highly recommend you do.it is an excellent true story.i love alison lohman
i also loved her in 7th heaven.the whole story line is amazing and the way
boring
sequence of event for then ? terrible choice in casting
messy plot and a headache-inducing directorial style .
the movie feel like a badly-adapted cliffs note to the book -
unfortunately - the script should have been read ,
who has the whole life to life.it is amazing .
amazing film ! i advice everyone to see it.i am
i can not begin to describe how amazing this movie is .
and how simplicity provides for the greatest happiness .
recommended for anyone
he embarks on an amazing adventure of his own .
the voice cast is great .
the animation is not the best ,
i rate this movie 9/10 .
i am a great fan of french cinema
this is one of the great movie of the 80s in my collection
the running man is one of arnold`s best and most different film even to this day
the beautiful maria conchita alonso
and its one its one of arnold`s best to date !
i find van sant 's film to be dull
is beautifully captured here ,
it was perhaps the best moment in the film
while other say funny line ,
what gems both of them are in this charming comedy about a young girl
sadly
and contain performance by two wonderful star .
very much enjoyed this movie
this movie displaced dungeon and dragon as the worst movie i ever personally saw in a movie theater
of them being bad ,
it really is el cheapo spiritualism of the most naive kind ,
what a fantastic show
this one is probably the best in many ways.from the golem to the craft the subject seems to be of endless interest to the movie industry .
as cheap excuse for cheesy special effect or cardboard cutout villian
rarely
but the presentation of the occult in such movie can at best be described as allegorical and not literal
you really wasted a lot of time
the acting is some of the worst i
it is sort of a bad mix between `` fresh '' and `` animal house '' ,
bonnie was badly burned in an auto accident the year before their famous ambush ,
the script is tedious ,
and the acting is poor
very disappointing .
but it is a great film .
are even much worse than this one ,
the three stooge are still funny ,
this is a really fun movie .
as the plot gets more and more twisted ; more and more funny .
this is a fun movie
unfortunately
although of course you always have to use your imagination due to the poor execution .
the acting was awful
not only a movie but an incredible future vision ,
it is not the worst flick ever
the cast is great
you can tell everyone tried their best .
naughton and brian o'halloran are fantastic in this
would have turned the dull action sequence into something special .
because the rest of the film was alright - predictable but watchable - better
the best in the film is a revival of that gaslight era chestnut
it is the best scene in the film
but they are not bad together.presenting lily mar is a fine showcase for the talent of judy garland .
that at the end it becomes ridiculous
he treat his son so bad
the poor kid wear jeans with hole in it !
it is not totally bad ,
there are some solid acting
i am going to keep this short.this `` adaption '' of the wonderful king book is a bad joke and nothing more.of course there are many kuick and nickolson fan in this site
this movie has mysteriously find its way in the top-250.jack nicholson is laughable as torrance
is an incoherent mess and the character of jack and wendy torrance are complete jokes.my advice to anyone
eight and a half for the mst3k version.talk about a `` screaming '' bore ... .
where person come up with that stuff to describe such a poor effort.because ala ,
altered is a poor
weak movie
that fails to engage in any and every respect .
aspect some poor fellow saw in this movie were due to severe delusion
because there is certainly nothing profound or smart about this mess.ok ,
unfortunately
get very poor acting .
boring and messy .
our director seems to have worsen over time ,
( unfortunately
in weak story but still ) .
the most beautiful girl in town .
it is just a bad bigas luna 's film
no argument and stupid character everywhere .
this film is about the unlikely friendship between a businessman and a man with down syndrome.the character development in this film is excellent .
acting is excellent ,
and the canne best actor award is well deserved.the fantasy scene in the film highlights
also reinforces this message .
i loved this film .
his movie are fun ,
who knew ed wood the best
and also a great deal of insight
the dvd is full of impossible to find gem
but the real treasure of this film is the surprisingly engaging
( for better or worse ) ,
as the most amazing effect of the film is to not only give a well rounded idea of the man
and the viewer is left with great sense of involvement.even the title hint at the b-list horror genre
fun
that is so bad
this one misses the `` so bad its good '' phase
sadly
straight to the `` could have been so bad its good ,
if the mission fails ! `` .
the bomb has a malfunction ... ..hmmmm .
jack dispense pointless drivel and leer and cackles a lot ,
he is the best bit of the movie.my award for `` the most ironic line delivered straight-faced '' goes to charlton heston ,
( laughable
( thing must be pretty bad back on mar . )
to cross a structurally weak idge .
and none of it is to be taken seriously.it is a thoroughly enjoyable ensemble play
it is not a moral message about pod person masquerading as normal citizen .
do not bother to waste your money on this movie .
go see batman again.the script was horrible .
perfectly written from the random horror movie format .
yet beautiful and strong woman
let 's put some freak in there for a little `` spin '' to the plot.the acting was horrible ,
that kind of stuff for ourselves.1/10
best of all to be abandoned . ''
but horrifyingly bad dialogue after the first quarter of the film ,
as if the writer ' cumulative character dialogue can be summed up by bad cop tv and a jerry springer show .
it is a direct descendant of the best year of our livesand the man ... film
to earth humor- it ' s at oncefunny and sad ,
a rare gem .
this one is just pointless .
the movie had a 5.9/10 score ,
( excellent )
his acting is just plain terrible
either they are great actor or ,
they seem great actor -
`` roadie '' is one bad trip .
that the story are really weak .
i recall most of the story were average to poor
that was really excellent ,
then most of this mini series will be average to poor.in stephen king 's defense ,
it is simply boring.what is clear from all of this is
because this mini series has some excellent person
to make a good mini series but unfortunately ,
because it was even more boring than this episode !
but it was just too aggravating due to poor story/script .
i would have recommended
since they all share the same boring trait .
renny harlin 's first american film was one of the best of a slew of prison-set horror film
jean pierre leaud is amazing
and the movie is one of the most unforgettable of the nouvelle vogue .
we just have this black and white image to remember one of the greatest and most subvalued french director .
that this movie terribly lacks .
everything is overly meant to be funny in this movie ,
by using intentional bad acting
an overuse of pointless death ,
it is funny to those
and that is about it.great potential
great idea
great use of effects-but
the process is repeated.the question is for these type of movies-which is basically 'bad slap-stick'-do
it makes everything worse .
so much of the amusement is in seeing the title character 's endless lament about her appearance and hair color contradicted
perhaps the funniest moment is when she corrects the spelling of her name on the classroom blackboard .
but tragedy and bad luck strike all too soon.the first victim is the blind pup
and why they are endangered.this documentary wanted to get the message across about this endangered species
and senseless killing of these beautiful animal ; has resulted in them becoming endangered.i wish
especially when some of their life becomes ruined.or they fall victim to tragedy themselves.best all around soundtrack and musical score i
boring child 's fantasy
boring and bordering on pointless .
even the `` almost nice and believable moment '' were immediately undercut by painful clich\u00e9s and bad acting .
( rated awful )
what an idiotic movie ! incredibly cheap with fake special effect
and stupid plot.all dialogue are unbelievably bad and these actor
example i have never seen so annoying character like in this junk
this is a great entertainment
if you are drunk.avoid it like the plague.am i drunk ?
this film is so incredibly bad ,
part 3 was interesting with great effect .
part 4 had great music
part 5 is more boring
where as in part 4 they could be pretty funny .
leslie bohem 's story never gets off the ground and stephen hopkin ' direction is so bad ,
the whole plot of this movie is ridiculous and unrealistic .
it is also confusing and pretty stupid .
avoid part 5 at all cost !
this was a great human drama
stig enjoyed authority
a warm beautiful young woman
who has been betrayed by a man she loved ,
having even the slightest liking for romance and adventure.hollywood at its best !
the soundtrack the most annoying one i ever
and as for the fx ... well the super-low quality makes some of them look not as bad
primitive acting and rare dialog - i think
to put cheap produced shock scene in a row
which neither have a message
everyone mistaking this cheap gore-show for art should as soon
not everything that looks cheap
i loved it .
but is not made into a dysfunctional family
sheer stupidity of this flick
but i can not help feeling sympathetic toward some of the actor .
sadly
the story is pretty lame .
the bad lighting and camera work ,
cool and was even a little funny !
is there anything worse than a comedy film
that lacks humor ?
one that fails to generate any interest throughout the picture .
the premise is not too bad - a naive front man for an illegal business -
but this is a potboiler with a poor script and screenplay
( i always dismiss richard cromwell as the weakling
its far too funny to be taken seriously .
and both character take stupid pill liberally throughout the movie
many stupid scene with person
acting stupid does not make for a comedy .
but somewhere in the production this program went awfully wrong .
that makes it boring .
the main character is unbelievably annoying and its not believable in any way .
stupid and a bad chief .
the crime are uninteresting and bland ,
and its just lame all the way .
this was a big disappointment and very bad indeed ...
the first movie about the medieval time traveler was actually funny .
funny situation and of course plain absurdness ,
that would remind you a little bit of louis de funes.now this sequel has the same character
the same actor in great part and the same time traveling .
and his being clumsy / annoying / stupid or whatever
it is as if someone was telling you a really very very bad joke ,
this was perhaps their best latter day film .
while those film were not terrible ,
i would say all in all one of my favorite l and h comedy .
this is by far the worst horror/thriller i have seen in my 29 year .
the plot is not even the worst part of this movie ...
it had marshall thompson starring and some other poor slob
it is also about a space mission gone bad
i have always found in discovering the great
i was somehow certain i was watching a great undiscovered performance .
although she was superb in the aforementioned film ,
she share an amazing on-screen relationship with young claudia karvan
this film 's other great actress .
and the great russell boyd for his illiant
editing and cinematography are excellent .
that my comparison is without doubt an insult for the fan of the master akira kurosawa ,
the great difference is the way
please watch again this incredible movie
liam neeson was totally wasted in this film .
he did a great job with speed and twister .
else this would be the worst picture of 1999.avoid at all cost .
to make a judgement.but one thing about this movie
that is painfully obvious is its ridiculous anti-american sentiment .
about the worst movie in distribution right now !
the effect are weak !
! this is a terrible movie by any standard
that it is one of the worst movie
start to imagine how bad it is .
you are going to be watching a bad movie
sleepwalker is bad
they were not going to appear in a movie this bad
that is how bad sleepwalker is* unbelievable
that was not the worst line in the movie .
the worst line is -
it is refreshing to see him play such a vile
but she underpins her performance with the kind of subtlety
rarely seen by an actor so young .
that neither pitt nor lewis were nominated for any award for their performance here.david duchovony and michelle forbe are both perfectly cast as the yuppy couple
the only variation being the nature of the relationship between good guy and bad guy .
and pitt is let loose to play the maniacal bad guy ,
highly recommended ,
but not for the weak of stomach or mind .
cheesy dialogue and lame attempt at comedy .
2/10
and the car was the best star in this film.haim ,
the now dried up drug abusing child star of the 80 's is bland as per usual ,
and commenting on back up from minor characters/actor would be pointless ;
please do not waste your time
( this one in particular look great )
this is one of my favorite movie from the 80 's ,
add to that the great car chase
and you have a fun ,
is the very beautiful young love interest from the early jim carey vampire movie `` once bitten ''
and are the worst lowlife villainous scum you love to hate .
the ending is just perfect
sadly never made -
the author managed to create a stupid
this is not a bad movie.i
in my view.it has some of the same great music from the original
which is great.the acting again was pretty decent for the most part ,
is 7/10*
that it is best to watch anime with sub in english ,
that this series is great for anyone
all anime is stupid
sayonara was the greatest movie
and brando should have won for best actor .
would be disappointed by the light-hearted nature of the movie ,
had heard this was pretty bad
sadly it does not ,
that you have been cheated into watching a pretty bad film ,
3/10
the worst movie i have seen in a long long time in such a unique way .
i loved watching this guy kick ass in various movie .
and i have suffered through a few weak one .
that it could be as bad
which is the fun of it .
yet so poorly done
that will grate on you fantastically.then all the scene in the total pitch black ,
obnoxious flashing at a strobe light pace
unfortunately
of course the worst and most enthusiastic participant of the explosion in available pornographic content will seek this film out for all the wrong reason
two of the century 's great singer star together in this underrated musical .
best scene is the pawn shop number
just wonderful .
and this is a rare starring role for broadway legend
could be funny ?
when a bad movie quietly rears
a ridiculous plot
if you do not like stupid b-action movie this
a highly atmospheric cheapie ,
showing great ingenuity in the use of prop
the acting is merely functional ,
this movie is recommended for its mood and texture
by giving the industry some of the greatest work of all time .
ramu 's favorite nisha kothari did a fantastic job in sarkar
horrible movie .
how bad this movie actually is .
thinking i had seen my share of bad movie like ghouly 2
if you really want to waste 90 minute of your life ,
that is unfortunately no good.the beginning of the film seems promising
but overall it is a disaster.the dialogue is pretty bad but not near as bad
because the character become annoying.some of the kill are innovative
and then almost every other character is smoked within the next five minutes.the movie then turned into sort of a spoof with ridiculous
in which a man gets his intestine pulled out of his a*sscrack.none of it is funny
it is just plain ridiculous.the film
then becomes ultra gory and ultra pointless.most of the character are clich\u00e9d even for slasher standard
and are as solid as butter left on the counter for 5 days.evil breed is not even laughably bad therefore it fails in it is main task.watch texas chainsaw massacre
it is not just that this is a bad movie ;
it is not only that four of the `` best '' mexican movie maker are in this film ;
and it is not only that the script is terrible .
this person are wasting money in terrible script .
is bad language supposed to be funny ?
i could not have been more disappointed by this move .
this is absolutely the worst movie ever .
which you are excellent at ,
the cinematography was great .
his was the best bigfoot costume ever no
was disappointed like the previous review warned me about .
why did i waste my good hard earned money on such a excruciatingly bad boring movie !
a boring legal trial
there are so many hole in this horrible waste of time
complete and total waste of time - oh !
there is a great dance sequence
great belly dancing - but not worth
but show person is a notable exception.marion davy and william haine are simply wonderful in this picture .
is a fast paced film with a fantastic array of cameos by some of the biggest star of the silent era .
is a perfect introduction to silent film .
interesting film with two of the silent era 's best star .
( usually ) excellent
the direction and cinematography is surprisingly quite good ,
but you could tell he was having fun with it .
but a solid effort by a good cast and great supporting role .
7/10 .
he impressed me greatly !
david is the best .
in keeping this from being a great sergio martino directed giallo
release is beautiful looking and definitely the way
but this is just awful .
i have told person about this film and some of the bad acting
and you have the movie 's lack of greatness in a nutshell .
is incredibly awful b-grade stuff and i wondered
as this has to be his worst performance i have seen.there was a lot wrong with this real cheap-ass film ,
cheap and lame special effect
bad use of lighting
to see and a tiresome story with flat and annoying dialogue .
if it was that bad it would be awfully funny ,
and setting of the film looked great ,
an awful piece of mess ,
however at least it is not boring.1/5
and would be kind of tedious .
and her introduction to the story at the beggining of the film was fantastic
its amazing how many famous star are there ,
what a waste of energy and totally pointless .
blamed husband !
sorry but this movie was a total waste of my time
that was fun to watch .
how strongly person feel one way or the other about this forgettable fluff
o'neal is a bad actor
but francis capra is even worse.rating :
that the first incarnation is actually worse .
but : worse = funnier !
if you are a bad movie fan like i am ,
this is great material .
this is best avoided .
the best part is how they filmed all the fighting sequence in stuttering fast-forward .
hilariously bad .
and what seems like good fun and a chance
the actor were bad
( the doctor 's wife was one of the worst ) ,
the story was so stupid ...
it is a laughable masterpiece of stupidity .
they could add stupid movie
this is by far one of the worst movie i
tony scott 's poor directing style puts shame to an already uninteresting and slightly untrue story of domino harvey 's life as a bounty hunter .
certain aspect of the plot were ridiculous and totally unbelievable .
that all of the action scene were loosely strung together by poor plot point and horrible acting .
and we had one of the greatest laugh in awhile .
the movie is not supposed to be funny at all ,
but it is just so ridiculous
and it lacks any realism whatsoever .
not only is that pathetic but it gets topped when his enormous effort culminate in his finding the so-scary lego-room ,
if you need something to make fun of ,
goodness is after all the greatest force in the world ...
illiantly directed and superbly acted film
sadly
the rest was quite boring .
it fails miserably .
but it is really enjoyable with all of its dance number.the highlight of the film are two number from winnie lightner
and the roaring 20 's and the great depression .
and i was not disappointed .
it was a great film ,
bain and the local mob makes thing little more complicated.i did not have high hope for this 'un since being strongly let down but the weak batman :
the dvd is not so great .
there are some great feature
i find this extremely annoying
because widescreen would have completed a great dvd package .
the joke perfectly lampoon the pothead lifestyle
the film has an excellent sense of pace ,
many person cite up in smoke as candc 's best work ,
the casting is amazing
a wonderful and gritty war film
the battle scene was superb .
thank to that is incredible ,
and was still boring.i think
it was too much like a bland spy film
and superhero do not come cheap.it would be nice to have the movie available on dvd
as a suburban wife was probably boring .
how great her sex is with darren .
also amazing is daniel craig .
it is rare that one comes across a movie as flawless as this .
it is truly one of the best acted ,
and you have the ingredient for a perfect film .
`` titanic '' is the greatest film ever .
and the resolution to the rather tired feeling-versus-duty plot is original and refreshing ,
`` the amazing mr. william '' contains what must be among the most outrageous blind date in film history
melvyn dougla delivers some of the best line :
`` the amazing mr. william '' is perhaps most interesting for its insightful commentary on gender as a socially defined construct
at time it is both subtle and penetrating ,
and the girl is the worst actress i ever seen .
if you appreciate your time avoid this movie ,
but that is no justification for a stupid plot and bad acting .
but movie like this makes a bad name for this kind of movie .
the acting is awful
boring fodder .
which gets real annoying real quick ...
main theme in this dirty harry is that revenge is a dish best served cold .
as she is beautiful .
as best she can .
she insults some creepy teenage buck
( who 'd just insulted callahan )
my favorite scene is only about 30 minute into the action ,
does a wonderful job as the sinful mafia don ,
and most of them bad guy end up dying horribly .
while our hero ' up annoying the local cop and citizen in san paolo ,
together to a beautiful roberta flack blue song .
and shows us a life of found boy- orphan and particularly his connection into the community of poor person
there is shown the behavior of poor person
also many funny moment and scene are included - at the beginning with the spot
where you are pushed back with such great force
that take `` undying '' to the level of the best classic horror movie ever produced .
but sadly i have to report
but in first person mode that can be an annoying task .
it tells a simple story of a family in danger of falling apart as the encroachment of technology and an advancing society make the family-run business increasingly untenable.the acting is wonderful -
each with major weakness
this movie is a bad to alright rip off of friday the 13th .
also just got very bad review .
the story was weak ,
but i still loved this film for some bizarre reason .
very entertaining and often very funny .
and instead just got wonderful entertainment .
even though i loved it
i shall not waste my time writing
anything much further about how every aspect of this film is indescribably bad .
that has been done in great detail already
that they can see some hidden masterpiece inside this awful mess
for being easily the most terrible film i
the film was enjoyable ,
it was funny in part and paz vega is a delight as well ,
was also pretty funny.the director/writer brad silberling and actress paz vega were there for a ief qanda after the screening .
laughable acting
boring sub-plot and woeful dialogue.a mysterious black clad figure is savagely murdering guest
staying at the family mansion.unfortunately this film is almost bloodless.you do not actually see the murder except with shadow and a few blood splatters.the pace is lethargic
but the lack of gore and mutilation left me disappointed.a generous 4/10.just beware :
do not mistake monson 's film with andy milligan 's equally weak `` legacy of blood '' .
to be enjoyed by everyone .
the music is great ,
sadly imdb does not allow me to rate judge lower than 1. what a shame .
this ghastly movie is so bad
it is okay to carry this kind of crap with constant gap in the audio and worse than high school drama class acting is beyond me .
but judge is worse than the most pathetic scifi channel original .
not expecting too much and unsurprisingly
unfortunately after a fairly decent opening the sense of actual quality starts to drain away from the film ,
is quite laughably bad .
but it was still pretty bad
but with a sterling contribution to the overall badness made by the horrible music .
but all too often hilariously bad soft rock intruded
turning thing from cheesy to lamely comical .
but bland as the nominal hero
he seems to have fun and earn his paycheck and his role is entertaining .
and there are also a few scene of blood splatter and a bit of fun gore as well .
and i almost feel harsh rating this film badly ,
too much is lame
it was fun to watch it .
what i liked best where the 'outtake ' at the end of the movie .
they were great .
and the poor storyline the whole movie becomes predictable .
you can have some fun with a few of the scene .
the great american west
-- but it is one of my favorite all time camp classic and decarlo is eathtakingly beautiful throughout .
this inept comedy feature lousy 3-d effect
steve guttenberg and jeffrey tambor got trapped in this mess ,
but has a solid grounding in reality due to its use of authentic manhattan location and `` true '' geography
perhaps the best location
when his best work was truly done
filled with reality show and boring re-run .
not everything was perfect .
something funny .
funny
the acting is amazing ,
the soundtrack is fantastic
and so right for the movie and the message transmitted definitely powerful .
through the use of his only fully-functioning limb
such a great retelling is its humility .
he is such a great actor . ''
given the story is surprisingly minimal .
the plot was soo awful ,
the joke were soo bad ,
and my copy even came with a disclamer saying
characters'description is profund
far from what she was at first.it is beautifully filmed ;
even if it turns into a film noir at the end .
gesture is in particular beautifully
emmanuelle devos should be nominated at the best actess cesar award for her magistral play .
it is actually surprisingly entertaining :
8/10 .
this is one of the worst
boring
and stupid slasher ever made .
are horrible
stupid .
that it copied `` popcorn '' from 1991.to make thing even worse ,
this is not a movie so bad
it is just plain bad.molly ringwald tried to do her best
it is funny how we react .
but that is about it.but the movie is beautiful ,
the music is absolutely amazing
the script is so unfunny
lame .
ben stein ) blandness
-or worse.as
all populated by forgettable actor ,
blonde and blonder was unfunny.basically ,
! it starts out immensely boring ,
it kept my attention.i would not say to completely avoid this movie ,
unfortunately
it is an insult
who was a great strategist
not that this would 've been any more bizarre than the fantastical plot line
it yourself.pasqual duquenne is an amazing actor .
but worst of all
that pop out every now and then.the search for the killer and the 'partner ' relationship between the heroandthe so-called bad guy
i thoroughly enjoyed watching all 20 episode of kolchak on dvd recently ,
repetition is not necessarily a bad thing in itself ;
though they are also quite funny.the very best episode of kolchak manage to vault over the limitation of this formula
some of my favorite include :
firefall - this episode appears to have a bad reputation among fan ,
but i enjoyed it
because it is got a great red herring and a really creepy ,
which features the dumbest-looking creature makeup in the history of filmed entertainment
but it has element of greatness .
even during the weaker episode
darren mcgavin 's wonderful performance as the caustic
endlessly funny kolchak truly shine .
mcgavin was one great character actor ,
great fun .
and the script hurry along to a lesbonk with great haste .
so it invents a very lame `` you are not having a hen night ? !
and unsurprisingly
`` that is ridiculous ,
delinquent fun all round .
at least they will have more fun in the fun scene
poor thing .
that is rare enough .
though it was quite subtle ,
polanski really proves himself as an all-round great filmmaker ,
he not only can direct and write great film ,
polanski settled right on in perfectly .
to me it really highlights their fantastic versatility and talent ,
which i respect greatly.one thing i did not like about this film
but they got the most annoying person
the bad and the ugly .
it gets annoying ,
if you know french.what so great about polanski is
this is the best of the three ,
but they are all relatively close in their level of greatness .
the ending is fantastic ,
and i have not really given any insight on what makes this film so great ,
because i so greatly enjoyed both `` target '' and `` paper moon '' ,
`` the last picture show '' was a somewhat fascinating but overly self-indulgent film .
but it was all there to prop up a very formulaic and predictable story ,
and i want to see it again about as badly
and helped me to overlook some of the film 's weakness .
ford or minnelli than to have bogdanovich 's film remind us of why they were so striking in such a less-than-subtle way .
its poor colour contrast give away its tv root immediately ,
i was sadly just a little underwhelmed .
and the setting was great .
great idea ! !
i saw it and was extremely disappointed .
it was not only the worst `` horror movie ''
but it was one of the worst movie in general
the murder scene were so cheesy and dull .
every single thing in this movie was so predictable .
the sequence of the movie was extremely bad .
the movie sequence was so stupid
do not waste your time or money .
and that is when the fun begins .
fun and more of it .
family fun .
you will not be disappointed .
turned out to be errol flynn 's favorite role .
it is an enjoyable film ,
he suffered a great personal tragedy .
director raoul walsh got a great performance out of bond as the blustering
even given some of sullivan 's bad point
bond 's portrayal is the quintessential john l. and the best thing about gentleman jim.speaking of racism
who was black and from australium and probably the best heavyweight of his time .
would have loved the movie and loved flynn 's portrayal of his life .
the end was great .
but i have to settlefor 10/10 .
the ending is funny too ,
and that is the best part ,
`` cement '' is a bad movie about a bad cop
with a bad attitude and a bad disposition
a boring junk flick overall
a time killer for the needy couch potato at best .
it was like a less-funny spy version of the big hit
with even-worse acting .
we were disappointed
and i loved it .
i love bad horror .
i especially love horror bad enough
to make fun of .
or house of the dead - those were bad enough
to make fun of .
severed was not.it was worse .
( surprisingly )
and by the end of the film i was quite disappointed.for the first three quarters of this movie or so i thought
karloff was a huge disappointment .
as to how universal ranked their two great horror stars - inexplicably ,
a disappointment .
4/10 .
i loved it then
the movie is filled with fun song and music .
and the character voice are perfect .
when i was small then i would not find it as illiant and fascinating as i do
i really enjoyed this movie about the relationship
a mostly underrated gem .
when she insults the gi
it was so bad .
but verhoeven has made his best erotic thriller year before these two movie :
10/10
this is bourne 's greatest adventure and his final climax .
just look out for two great car-chase and a fight-scene as realistic as bond vs. shaw back in '63 .
but besides that it is pretty boring .
it was nominated the razzy for worst picture
worst director for jay chandrasekhar
worst remake or sequel
worst screen couple for simpson and her `` daisy duke '' and worst screenplay .
pretty poor !
for all the subtle charm this student film may contain ,
that p.clarkson look hot taking it.sadly ,
from a guy from wings.the best 2 minute the film has to offer.if
jane eyre_ is one of the greatest novel in the english language
helen burn is treated so badly in the movie i
and his mentoring of max makes for a funny and touching relationship.not for everyone
he meets a beautiful writer
there is this terrible music score ,
there is beautiful mountain scenery and some genuinely creepy atmosphere .
whether this was poor lighting or a poor film transfer
even the anticipated delight of seeing `` topper '' roland young play 'my ' part was a major disappointment .
and are done very poorly .
the film must be bad .
all the acting was bad .
great job quiroz other !
fred macmurray was great as the lecherous
edward g. robinson ought great manic energy to his role as macmurray 's boss barton key ;
while barbara stanwyck was just superb in this wicked role ,
i found this film to be a fascinating study of a family in crisis .
giving it only 9/10 ,
what i remember is an amazing psychological thriller
if you enjoyed movie such as edward scissorhand
in my opinion it is a piece of art ... beautifully filmed
celia imrie has that beautifully reassuring quality
surely one of the greatest actor of our time !
it must have been amazing for an audience at the time
unfortunately
really the best
turns out to be his own worst enemy after his betrayal of frankie as his conscience takes control of his mind .
that you had for the weak minded and strong shouldered gypo was completely demolished when in an act of total desperation ,
to put a bullet in gypo 's head for the final gut spilling chapter of this heart wrenching and unforgettable crime and punishmant classic .
and dyer gets beaten extremely bad
the story gets boring and side-tracked ,
i give it a 3/10
poor actor must pay their food
to make a stupid movie like that
the stupid punk guy shoot in the cafeteria nowhere like a crazy .
this has to be one of the best comedy on the television at the moment .
yet funny depiction of a typical family complete with sibling and parent spat
this is a trap '8 simple rule ' has avoided ;
but it has fun
although john ritter will be sadly missed
i found it inane and stupid .
not his best role
still ... .a nice job.7/10
what makes dracula 2000 such a bad movie is the amount of dumb scripting involved .
and one of the bad guy is left alone in the cargo hold
this movie is totally boring .
the movie is not as bad as `` king uncle ''
it is not funny ,
despite his best attempt
but it was lame
and now disney made another great cartoon
this series is very funny
and has ton of great pun
and it is great to add to your dvd collection .
and it is becoming clear that the series has reached a natural end with the best entry like cleo
and screaming being from the mid to late 60s in itself matron is by no mean bad it is just that we have seen it all before with a thin plot
perhaps the worst criticism i can make is that i saw carry on matron this afternoon ,
in trying to remember a very funny line .
this movie is just so awful .
so bad
avoid this movie at all cost ,
it is terrible.none of the detail of the crime are re-enacted correctly .
but that determination would be negligible in such a classic and well-known story*****the cinderella story rank as my favorite fairy tale .
the world will never have enough of this wonderful tale.the problem
to throw some interesting idea together with some magical photography and scrumptious looking production design with poor direction and editing.this cinderella story is more like an ugly duckling
as so poorly done ,
so cheaply '90 's
go for two gems:1 ) rodger and hammerstein 's cinderella musical with lesley ann warren .
this is the best version on celluloid - bar none .
ever after- this drew barrymore gem maintains the historical perspective
this is the worst show .
and more adult than friend `` friend '' may be the worst thing
it lacks the smartness of `` seinfeld '' and the wonderful self-ridicule of pomposity
tom drake 's melancholy attraction for radiant young jan clayton has solid chemistry
is fantastical now on a grander scale
is ought in to decipher the message .
who surprisingly puts in a good acting performance ,
that are beautiful ,
unfortunately the story holds a lot of surprise of its own ,
send their `` do not open '' message encoded !
therefore the total impression of the movie is not too good.3/10
a solid
was wonderful .
my favorite part
was the wonderful scene with the physicist playing badmitton ,
i loved the sweater and the conversation
i mean it can always be worse .
although fred gwynne was as usual wonderful.. also i will forgive the total lack of parenting skill ,
and at least 2 character partook in the activity of dumb stupidity .
blehfun enough film
what is up with the awful hair cut ,
this has the absolute worst performance from robert duval
but it is the only thing i can recall from a truly forgettable film .
`` cinderella '' is one of the most beloved of all disney classic .
cinderella is left at home whilst her stepmother takes her awful daughter with her .
and are for the most part wonderful .
and surprisingly ( since `` cinderella '' is the most worn down story of all time
`` cinderella '' rank as one of the best disney fairy-tale and comes recommanded to young and all
for while it is suppose to have a `` good '' message ;
is not excellent
but not the worst either .
and the woman masturbating on the edge of the bed was plain stupid.no winning here
i have seen worse believe me ,
but this is just waste of time ,
but what gives this neo-noir its juice is hopper 's creepy
but that is another story.dennis hopper is at his best here ... cocky
is also great as the man with a dark past ,
and from there it is a nice neo-noir adventure in some sleepy little town .
that it is better ... just more enjoyable .
a ridiculous bathtub rape scene
a fun film .
he has tried his best to infuse as many possible dose of estonian humor.this is why
( who comes over immediately able to speak perfectly accented australian )
the earthling are known as consummate despoiler of the environment and a metaphor for the most insulting thing imaginable to the rest of the universe :
but it is all layered with a heavy-handed environmental message and a low-budget feel
the environmental message offers no solution ,
to achieve against pollution and waste ?
with a superb soundtrack
to add to all the fun .
which is another homage to some excellent gore film with a sense of humour .
`` meatball machine '' is great fun for gorehound ,
and i simply loved it .
that is not a great idea.kudos to the guy for trying ,
it feel rather insulting to my social group.to me ,
it is like the producer of the film have taken the worst aspect of the worst stereotype
jack lemmon and walter matthaw have a great chemistry .
but this one is really his best work
the dialogue in movie like this is always pretty awful ,
but this one takes the gold medal for stupidity .
there are so many awful line in this movie ,
but the execution of the line is pathetic
and seems more suited toward a bad porn movie than an action adventure .
wrong again.the sad part is that there is some talented actor thrown into bad role with worse dialogue .
stallone has never been a favorite of mine ,
and the worst of the bunch rooker
lithgow played one of the best villain in `` ricochet '' ,
turner 's part is so small and pointless ,
or have them both amazingly find their acting ability .
unfortunately
who can be the only one to really blame for this mess other than the screenwriter .
you still can not just sacrifice the movie with terrible acting .
maybe i would not have had to witness one of the worst movie ever !
that wes craven was responsible for this piece of crap.this movie is worse than `` deadly friend '' .the plot is stupid ,
the acting is mediocre
and the film is deadly dull.i do not know
it was not a highly recommended one by the critic .
directing and acting were awful ! !
it got worse and worse .
then you will be very disappointed .
but it is not to be and adds to the generally optimistic and uplifting theme and drama of the story and film.this has to be brosnan 's best performance to date ,
where brosnan and the two elderly lady actress make a wonderful scene full of feeling of nostalgia and a life
perfect.the story is so little
the terrible rut
sundown - featuring the weakest
and spoken word was so ridiculous
it could have been some good old b-flick fun ,
mediocre acting and the laughable screenplay.in the end
it is just too silly to be funny .
after it was so boring .
ram gopal varma has tried his best
by doing all these stupid film .
because that is just the funniest movie ever
and the final needle in the eye scene is amazingly done
it manages to excite interest in flamenco in its wonderful staged adaptation from bizet with powerful physical force .
this is a beautiful yet simple story
i will just tell you how much i enjoyed watching this movie and how touching
and the dvd video and sound quality are excellent .
thing start going badly wrong for all of them.the storyline alone
but the fact is that it is a superb recreation of the life of the rev .
and they ing back five more bodies..this starts the story of the hunt for one of the worst serial killer in modern day history..it is a stark depressing dark movie
that `` the stoned age '' was the worst film
the acting is great across the board
either has been done or is racist..sarah also likes to sing..i like her voice..that it..not the lyric..the lyric are dreadful..which
it is a perfect in between with its own and of utality all
the greatest strength this film has though
like the greatest of the japanese or korean effort
if not perfection
surprisingly
and the fun part of movie is you never know
which ings us to the film 's one weakness .
insults the viewer intelligence since it felt
who earnestly try their best
as the situation gets worse
and worse every single day .
the movie is great
which is pathetic beyond all reason ,
everything else is really great
unfortunately
the production value are relatively poor
-- a rough film with poor sound quality and rather amateurish acting .
this waste of time is a completely unnecessary remake of a great film .
it lacks the documentary feel of the first film and the raw urgency
it is quite bad .
why does anyone waste time or money
making crap like this and why did i waste time watching it ?
as this film is boring as hell
this is often considered one of the worst ,
it was not the best place for me to start .
who is pretty much the best thing about the film .
and boring till end you might be saving 3 valuable hrs of your life
if u skip watching this movie.kamal at his best
is the best in tollywood
envy is not as funny
but after some of the review i read i found it to be much funnier than person was giving it props for
but ben stiller and jack black work well with each other and christopher walken is as great as ever ,
its not great by all mean and both ben stiller and jack black have funnier and better movie under their belt ,
but if your a fan of either i recommend this as its still a funny flick and i laughed my ass off quite a few time ,
this is a lesser stiller but still great fun ,
'the dock of new york ' was indubitably a great film ,
the premise is fascinating ,
distinguishing wonderfully between the traumatized and decrepit old ex-general
hearty officer of yore.the ending is great
after his classic film noir homage chinatown roman polanski returned to the theme
that had given him his greatest hit in the 60 with this creepy psychological horror
which polanski is best at creating ,
the emphasis on side wall and distant vanishing point is greater than ever ,
and even in the small number of exterior scene the sky is rarely glimpsed .
the ninth gate is a bit of a mess plot-wise
that creeping sense of dread.this is a rare chance
and he is absolutely perfect as the meek trelkovsky .
also sadly many of the french actor
but it lacks the suspense and the character
this was a moving and enjoyable film
the movie was very predictable .
but some poor little cute kid .
have ridiculous interaction with the parent.clich\u00e9 # 7 name me one movie
but this was just bad .
to let a person waste time
the poor guy was innocent all through the movie
who character was annoying
when it honestly is not that great .
but i found `` chaos '' more enjoyable
this is one of the best tv series ever ,
that is the cheapest i can find it .
that he was not even infamous for the terrible job
who 's favorite hobby is weaving wicker baskets.3 year ago a friend of mine in hollywood
got mad at me touting nicola cage as a great actor .
the creepiness and the wonderfully powerful dialogue .
to make great amount of money on a film
often comes at great expense to the artistry .
we needed a bad re-make of the wickerman
the movie has plenty of funny moment ,
some of which are completely bizarre like my favorite
this could be a child 's film under the right tweaks ,
they do a surprisingly good job for an independent film .
the beautiful scenery
paul reiser was excellent
this movie is the worst movie i have ever seen ...
it is humorous how bad it is.. the entire time i was watching it i half expected music to start and the doctor starts dancing..
it is so bad you
just how bad it is me explaining
i would of enjoyed this film
avoid van damme and his slicked back nasty wig .
to add insult to injury i wasted a quid on this manure
what we get instead is a tedious and ridiculously simplistic documentary
they waste time theorizing about what makes dog `` smile '' ,
that she is the perfect person to harvest pot ,
she needs to raise fund
8/10 .
who appreciate his lively and cheery persona and total avoidance of pathos .
askey was an idol of the great tommy cooper
rare appearance by the under-rated linden traver ,
rock-solid writing ,
and some great music make up what has become quite possibly the best show ever.all of the cast are strong ,
pickford whip lashing lazy villager toward church is very funny .
not a great picford film ,
and locking everything inside is not always the best thing.many person will look to the connection between these two girl and see one of two thing .
but instead incredibly straight forward with its message ,
this film is one of the best i have ever seen .
i really enjoyed this movie .
but left me with a great feeling afterward .
the plot is predictable ;
all of that ... this movie is fun.fun in an after school special sort-of-way
but fun nevertheless.virginia madsen as the mother does a great job ...
and the music was really great ...
for german noir this movie is not for you .
fun and underrated movie ,
who is a surprisingly fat hooker .
where the chimp are and talk at them insultingly.we never really know
fundamentalist religion via his grandfather.enoch later becomes enthralled with a man
but this film completely fails to deliver either a point of view or a storyline.the film also has the character tossing around the n word from time to time with no connection to the rest of the dialog.2 star
this fifth episode with the wonderful title `` the house
as a great fan of the hammer studio ' gothic horror film for many year
that the best is yet to come ,
whereas the second and third episode were great to watch for their morbid and ingeniously dark sense of humor ,
is a lot better than his mediocre previous entry
is a solid episode
what was the worst movie of 2003 ?
badly written
badly edited ,
badly acted ,
it is not even accidentally funny
because they figured american were too stupid to understand what a sin eater was ,
even though they go to great length
the only other member of this order is a funny alcoholic fat guy .
as much as i have wanted to see the return of the funny alcoholic to the big screen
they would automatically be funny .
this was one of the best show on tgif .
and we never missed an episode.my favorite character was salem .
he was adorable and sooo funny .
my favorite episode were `` saina through the looking glass '' and `` hilda and zelda :
those episode were great.overall i really miss this show .
i give this show 10/10 star .
i can not agree more with moira.what a wonderful film.i was thinking about it just this morning
this is a bad b movie masquerading as a mockumentary .
the film is not funny .
to find the answer.by hiring the cheapest equipment and crew
so bottom line this is not a bad movie
but once again is not exactly the worst movie in the world
but far from the best .
and it is generally fairly predictable .
worse yet
horrible death .
`` the burning bed '' is a great example of this ,
the movie is not badly shot at all ,
unfortunately.i have heard rumor of a sequel ,
conniving and horrible as person say ,
a badly conceived adversary with very little complexity .
this is a dull movie with lot of long stretch
the plot is not technically bad .
this movie was a fantastic comedy .
awful !
awful !
awful !
and that was awful too !
made for a generally disappointing 90-odd minutes.i think
we should avoid apotheosising film such as this .
it did have one redeeming feature :
it pronounced 'canne ' correctly so i gave it 3/10 .
i loved `` ring of fire '' in particular of the story i had not seen the first time around.gary cole is fantastic as `` evil
lucas black as caleb is also a superb player .
brenda bakke as selena coombs was also superb in her portrayal .
the whole cast was fantastically talented
and had great chemistry with each other.it is a shame
`` bend it like beckham '' reminds me of the best of those 80 's teeny-bopper movie
even as we were making fun of it ,
unfortunately the cariboo trail will never be listed among his best western .
he does not blame the rustler ,
jesus walk to a funk soundtrack.anyways ,
but it is the sincerity of how bad it is that makes it so wonderful .
it was going to be bad ,
highly highly recommended .
( the mst3k favorite `` screaming skull '' fits the mold
and dull as hell .
even the luscious erika blanc is put to waste here.zero/10
this film was bad .
bad acting
bad directing
bad writing .
but it was not bad in a funny way .
it was bad in a boring way .
there are plenty of more enjoyable way
but be prepared for very bad 102 minute .
this is a very enjoyable film with excellent actor and actress evoking a range of emotion .
it contains some really excellent humour
the first 3 were great
but this new beta house is one of the worst movie i have ever seen .
since this was a great series
and it just keeps getting worse .
but the portrayal of minority is very offensive.i would not waste any time on this garbage .
a truly muddled incomprehensible mess .
while the heroine plead for their orgasm ... is amazing ... i have not seen this movie in 20 year ...
this time is the united state ' greatest stealth pilot
one of seagal 's poorest effort ,
even more disappointing is the fact
but this one is bad.brian must have had too much botox
i was sadly disappointed.sorry .
( > `` the flame still burns ''
she loves the song so much now. > funny
how bad this movie was .
nice cinematography and beautiful landscape can only take the movie so far .
much worse.this movie is why kung fu movie got a bad reputation in the first place .
these character are ridiculous ) ,
and ridiculous story twists.this movie is so boring and so frustrating
they invent another ridiculous twist
because they are having a fun time .
this long movie is worse than a bout with bad gas.spoiler ahead note to kung fu movie maker ,
( though the wife picks poorly ,
and even then i loved its awfulness .
it is designed to scare poor sucker into being `` saved . ''
fascinating .
i had fun watching red eye .
cillian murphy and rachel mcadam are perfect in the role .
by how bad and pointless a movie can be .
its everything those film try to be only with out the tongue in cheek and its so much more fun
this would be perfect for a double or triple feature with similar lake monster film
about this being a bad movie
of fact this is the best movie i
it is an excellent story
and the actor in the movie are some of the best .
that movie is the best
as the all time worst movie ever made .
it is funny -
the best aspect of this show is the overwhelming realism of the character
when they have made err in judgemant ,
the suburban setting of new jersey is absolutely perfect for this show 's subtext -
than turn it into a platform for lazy one-liner and bad chop-socky knockoff .
it pointed out.worse still are peckinpah 's clumsy direction and sluggish pacing .
but surprisingly no mounty arrive to eak thing up .
caan was one of the 1970 ' best actor
it 1 for awful was due to the great talent of carman miranda .
and end are the best parent due to her gifted singing and dancing.the problem is with the rest of the picture .
don ameche has a great
that it is funny in a clever way .
one of my favorite film of all time by geniu director sabu .
why did screen-writer have to mess up a good story ?
this movie is awful !
as it was terrible .
`` bad '' guy
incredibly bad country accent )
the only redeeming thing about this movie is madchen amick 's beauty .
they were also very very bad .
the beautiful capitol building
only person with no body temperature would be stupid enough
a very bad made for tv movie experience .
disappointment actually does not describe the feeling
it was rage.beyond being boring
and poorly written ,
this film gets a 2/10 star
this is no excuse for poor acting .
anything here.the film was not the worst movie out there ,
this film was recommended to me by a friend
it was wonderful
the area is beautiful in the summer and no gloomier in the winter rain than anywhere else.aside from the `` if
mystery or even a sense of dread.martha 's character was the worst drawn .
the heavy reliance on tedious dialogue and corny movement should be expected ,
a great deal is asked from the imagination of the onlooker -
recommended for only the extremely patient .
to appreciate the subtle similarity between these two movie .
( an annoying lisping angie dickinson ,
it does feature some surprisingly effective jump scare and nasty graphic murder sequence
but it is very funny .
for the older folk would merely waste the money on car and cigarette ,
8/10
send me a message for direction to my website .
that weird aspect makes it into one of the least predictable and funny show
excellently
while only 10 % prefer a traditional funeral ) ?
that stay funny from start to finish
my grade : 8.5/10
also recommended :
wonderful romance comedy drama about an italian widow
the script is sharp with plenty of great line ,
the acting is wonderful
are letter perfect
and the cinematography is beautiful .
-- they are both fantastic and richly deserved the oscar
a beautiful
funny film .
that `it is a wonderful life '
no great coincidence :
something best passed over in silence ,
when placed next to alfred junge 's vision.it continues to look great all the way
i am not a great fan of mixing colour with black and white in general .
this may be pressburger 's best script ,
acknowledges the exhibit with a great deal of embarrassment ,
perfectly at home .
sounds like the perfect comedy/horror movie !
can act but has a pointless character ,
sadly his appearance is only reduced to three minute
plus his wisecrack are anything but funny .
stupid
and bad.the plot is horrible !
are terrible .
and pointless and the death are to cartoony .
.and to top of this horrible movie is the special effect .
is it terrible .
and the film never takes off with greatness
but instead stoop to low levels.jack frost is one of the worst slasher movie ever made .
it does not try to be funny
jack frost gets 4/10 ,
it at least made me laugh from it is awfulness .
it is so refreshing .
to obtain all the great movie i use
all star cast trying to commit the perfect bank bust
( daughter of the late and great bruce lee and sister of the late brandon lee ) is recruited by martin
that the diamond is not in its hands.action fan will not be disappointed ,
that sneak in.it is not easy to root for bad guy ,
but we get to see the human side of these thieve and the chemistry they develop.a great film and one not to miss ! 9/10
makes them docile and perfect servant .
my favorite is when timmy send fido off to get help
everyone here is excellent and right on target .
moss is the best
the movie is of excellent quality and both entertaining and educating.i did not know
is absolutely excellent .
both actor did and excellent job and i was thrilled to have seen this movie .
cb4 was awful ,
a great network
i had fun watching this movie ,
that i really found amazing ,
when you go to the movie is to have fun ,
and i really enjoyed the 1h53 i stayed in the dark room .
brad syke is responsible for at least two of the most dull and clich\u00e9d film i have ever seen -
the acting is terrible ,
you would do well to avoid this turkey
it looks like it was poorly filmed through an aquarium -
-- great enhanced the k-r-a-f-tiness of this film -
one of britain 's finest filmmaker but still sadly underrated .
his contribution to house of horror is easily one of the best in the series
with a complex yet fascinating plot outline and revolving on delightful occult theme .
to avoid being sacrificed ,
but david fischer 's screenplay is never dull and offers plenty of neat plot twit ,
recommended !
the portray the pointless and boring existence of middle class life
he should subject the viewer to one agonizingly dull and vacuous incident
after another until the film finally comes to its tortuous and pathetic end .
and i enjoyed
and have to endure 2 hour of bad editing and an almost hard
which i absolutely loved .
the last five minute of the film were perfect .
that were not excellent ,
but nothing is perfect ;
some of the acting was poor
that it was probably one of the best film i
the martial art is amazing ,
this is one of li 's best film ,
john hughe wrote a lot of great comedy in the '80 .
is about as predictable
unfunny and annoying
.i greatly enjoyed `` vacation '' as well as the third film
but the griswold 's trip to europe is bland and forced .
the `` fast time at ridgemont high '' director set everything up too predictably.maybe
it was hughe taking a cheap shot
`` european vacation '' takes great pride in insulting american
and meant to do it in the form of a bad movie ,
well maybe i should award this 8/10 star.it is not just the unfunniness
but `` european vacation '' boasts the two worst actor to play kid rusty and audrey
they are both annoying and obnoxious ,
is about the funniest part .
if hughe intended for us to find one of the film 's only non- american actor as the only funny part
i give this an 11/10 .
from the poorly done animation
to the beyond bad acting .
which very may well have been the worst point ,
notably in the time/action management .
by the way i much enjoyed the soundtrack
i rated the movie 9/10 .
possibly the worst movie i have seen this month
and boy have i seen a lot of bad movie in june .
then he should be blamed entirely for this unfunny farce
the skilled actor and actresses keep this weak script
but it was fun to watch a psychotic person get decked ... : )
the movie greatly exceeded my very low expectations.it is so much more than just a representation of a century .
and most of the actor do an amazing job .
this might be the poorest example of amateur propaganda ever made .
disappointing .
was not too bad .
unfortunately
the best aspect is hoover only saving the deserving family and child
unfortunately
other poor homeless were portrayed as likable and even good- yet the hoover-god does not help them .
amateurist at best .
and the supporting cast was superb .
sean connery does a great job .
i enjoyed this film .
what is best for his family along with his stubborness
will probably be disappointed with the film
and i personally enjoyed it ,
what was the message except demeaning hinduism .
then in between little religious harmony at the cost of insulting hinduism
( once again i insult hinduism more but this movie has no equal
and my insult is same for religion in general
she was a very different performer to the great julie andrew .
that lansbury is perfectly cast and delivers a magical performance .
and she is given wonderful support by david tomlinson .
there are some great cameos from much loved star of another time like roddy mcdowel
who gives a winning performance and the much loved tessie oshea
the score has a couple of beautiful song especially the iny sea and the age of not believing .
the kid are not as annoying as other movie
i loved the marching song of the home army .
this movie is still excellent .
it is funny
is that bad ?
maggie gyllenhaal and bob hoskins.one of the best segment involves a mime ,
it can not be termed great .
this movie was excellent
as they make a great team
it could this time be about carmen..bet your life is excellent !
that this movie was terrible !
i loved rolf in this role
and loved every other role
it showed american who loved and chose to live in london .
this is a wonderfully written and well acted psychological drama .
like the ring or the grudge will be disappointed .
what really surprised me about this film was the intelligence and subtle attention to detail in the plot and the effort made
the sparse dreamscape were reminiscent of wyeth painting and amazingly effective .
a great example of how to make a good film on a small budget ,
italy produced a lot of really great and original horror film in the 1960 's -
shot in beautiful black and white
that the beautiful barbara steele appears in the film does not harm matter - and the good news continues as
and so incorporates the great edgar allen poe .
it is refreshing
many of the shot here are incredibly beautiful - from the female side of the couple
that screenplay was co-written by another of the italian great ;
that the film never becomes boring - and the fact
fan of italian and/or cult cinema will not want to miss this little gem !
it also contains a lot of satirical material and pokes fun at social problem
my favorite beatle is paul
and my least favorite is john .
after the eakup.i was not disappointed by this movie .
which was basically what the entire movie was.the ending at first disappointed me ,
they also show the fantastic skit from `` saturday night live ''
i was not disappointed with this movie .
but the fun is in the journey.i found this movie
it is predictable ,
the message
that panned it for being predictable -
and it has been worth every effort along the way.great date movie
great movie for a happy cry ...
not surprisingly
if you do not have fun watching bad movie ,
stupid
everyone is poor and seemingly ignorant .
i am from the great northwest ,
because of the wonderful person i know
often to the point of blandness
he is not bad ,
he is not bad ,
which really is not funny and seems artificial at time ,
and the direction which is pedestrian to the port of dullness .
but otherwise this is just a disappointment .
i loved the book
and was utterly disappointed of the film .
with half a heart and the story bad explained .
it is eventually just annoying.point three is perhaps a less intellectual observation .
that is so incredibly boring ?
the film is pointless ,
who attempts to unravel a series of horrible crime .
unfortunately they dispose of his body by cremation ,
as a complete mess of a movie .
it may have some terrible editing and some very questionable acting
who has to be one of the worst actor i
it is even more enjoyable
i give it an 8/10 ,
mediocre dialogue and an overall cheap looking film .
many movie but this one is the new winner in the bad category .
and the acting is truly awful.this time there are not likable character or violin unlike the remake .
it is truly bad.the violence is minimal
when i watched it on the movie i wanted my money back.anyway this is a clear example of how rushed out movie turn out to be a mess and demonstrate poor quality on all aspects.a mess
at least this movie is not as terrible as the 1985 sequel to the original .
while most looked as cheap on screen
that the best of this genre should come from this studio.what sets `` jammin ' the blue ''
but with a distinctly forty film noir style .
or even that awful american werewolf in paris ,
but ... it is fun to watch .
the only redeeming value of this movie is all
but still fun to see
but he falls in love with a poor waitress liza minnelli
.this is a damn funny film .
'arthur ' is just fun .
there are so many fantastic one liner in the film .
but it has some fantastic moment .
my favorite scene is when arthur meet his fianc\u00e9 's father
i loved the scene
he did a great job
which still counts as his best effort
`` prison '' features an amazing sense of realism !
the film 's best part are image of realistic and tough prison-drama sequence
the absolute best terror-moment
the cowardly and racist guard avoid confrontation at all cost and \u0096 naturally \u0096 the old 'n wise black con
and successfully and the supportive inmate-role of class b-actor are excellent
forget about wes craven 's god-awful attempt `` shocker '' or the downright pathetic cheese-flick `` the chair '' .
this true 80 's horror gem ought to get an urgent dvd-release !
that loving and great .
she is been excellent in main ho on na and ishk vishk
anyway great going work by barjatya .
great music and lyric .
great work by all the cast the crew and everybody .
i give it 10/10 .
that the birth itself was not too bad ,
this movie is just as bad as any of today 's horrible horror .
but the movie is so badly done
jack black is an annoying character.this is an annoying indie movie for 14 year olds.do i
the plot is predictable with only few minor twist .
one of the few best film of all time .
my personal favorite is `` tarzan and his mate ''
and written tightly ... the action sequence were simply great ,
i loved computer animation
and watched the amazing image and almost-hypnotic music ,
rate this movie as one of my top 3 favorite .
and as a result there is no chemistry between him and the beautiful kim novak .
all the classic clich\u00e9d scene are here from ridiculously elaborate misunderstanding
in my opinion some scene are kind of tasteless and not funny at all
who goes into great detail about `` her '' sexual conversion.furthermore the vet
the show has a great deal of dark humour
that the actor do a great job ,
it is a deep and beautiful movie ,
carl panzram lived an amazing life and scribbled down his memoir on scrap of paper for possibly the only person
this film was horrible !
avoid !
( very annoying )
with a cheap camera
.the screaming and crying for pretty much the entire movie with crappy sound was over the top annoying ,
only an annoying painful piece of crap movie .
but look ridiculous in them as the director seems to take pain to point out their ample top and tushy throughout the film .
and you should avoid it ,
not only is it a complete waste of time
that person waste their imagination on such inhumane suffering.. `` kill bill ''
but i enjoyed watching an older horror movie .
it is not the best example of a classic horror movie
i give it about a 5/10 of the scale .
but not great .
it is pretty disappointing ,
and whoopie goldberg has not been this funny since 'jumpin ' jack flash ' .
robert downey jr. all turn in superb performance as expected .
i started out giving this 9/10 star ,
tom hank delivers the best performance of his career .
and veteran paul newman gives one of his best character performance in a long time.this film is based on a bold graphic
will test sullivan 's loyalty and emace his family 's fate.with a great adaptation by david self ,
the story unfold in a beautiful 1930 's setting
( brilliant art direction by richard l. johnson and nancy haigh )
is thomas newman 's wonderful irish score ,
settling in only when necessary.but the most important technical element in the film is conrad l. hall 's beautiful photography .
this is some of the best cinematography i
completely around the car and reveals a gorgeous scenic 1930 's chicago.with a great cast and crew ,
the principle man creates a azenly amazing film .
that this is the `` best film of the year '' .
and so was able to see this incredible film .
which many hailed as one of the greatest year for homosexual cinema and relationship ,
`` the bubble '' surpasses all other with its blend of excellent acting
and this creates a sense of urgency rarely present in cinema .
relationship with the ultra-butch and grating golani solider
which is rarely seen in cinema .
and in one scene the music weakens
little elemants like this truly elevate the film.i could not give greater recommandation to a film ;
this is a superb work of cinema
purple rain is a great film
prince is a bad actor ,
is beautiful and shows some acting talent and chemistry with prince ,
well in this film she looks perfect .
she is beautiful and shows
one of the funniest scene 's in my opinion is judy 's rendition of lady macbeth
because it is just wonderful and almost perfect .
was because dominic monaghan is a favorite actor of mine .
i was not disappointed.the film follows jack
in it is realism.the directing is fantastic ,
i give this great film 9/10 ,
the costume design was great .
is a pretty boring and unrealistic gymnastic drama and $ 1 is just too freakin ' expensive for this .
who is badly injured from a car accident
and it is also not one of the worst movie ever ,
avoid at all cost ,
who 's a great yt critic btw .
the disappointing
is the best part ,
he is the best actor of his generation
7/10
realism is boring .
drama was essentially life with the dull bit cut out .
rooney 's bad casting makes summer holiday all the worse
the great one played the ineiated other-in-law uncle sid here
and they do their best ,
bad plot
at most a 5/10 .
i loved the the film .
it beautifully analyzes italian petty bourgeois society ,
how the leftist of the 70 have given up all their ideal and come to a happy arrangement
a great pity.the one sex scene ,
this movie was great
jonathon rheyes meyer was great at playing the coach .
badly
is pointless .
do not even waste your time with it .
this is probably the worst horror film i have ever watched out of all the horror films i ever saw .
this is possibly one of the worst giant killer animal movie
who share a lame ,
andreeff try to make themost of a badly written role ,
dull
how rare it is that i take the time to comment on a movie
the funniest
and now the worst :
is that this movie is not funny !
that will just be fun or at the very least so bad
that it is funny ,
it is true that a movie such as this is not trying to be subtle and illiant ,
this is an argument between bad director
for making terrible movie.this movie suffer from the over used saying
but vampire vs. zombie takes bad acting to a whole other level .
again you can not expect this to be the greatest story ever told ,
the film actually got an oscar nomination for best screenplay and story by millard kaufman .
accompanied by mr. perfect image of combining athletic ,
that adding more individuality as far as nuance and more unique difference would have made it a more enjoyable
but i enjoyed it .
to keep my fist pumping 8/10
gianni ferrio 's funky score hits the get-down groovy spot .
a solid and satisfying winner .
and we watch a 'functional ' family dealing in thing together .
why he knows best
fun to watch .
this movie is lame
and not funny at all .
because then maybe wrestling fan will actually watch this pointless movie .
though it was just too stupid ,
is fun to watch .
maybe to the mediocreland ?
`` pp '' reminds me any one of the many tedious ,
promising at first but predictable within 1 season david kelly flick
they are not funny either.the actor are quite good ,
no therapist are that bad.woman yearning for man
this film combines all the great element of an intellectual thriller
but appreciate the seed from which the derangement stems .
the setting is perfect
this film is a perfect example of this very thought.and
it is within this film 's subtle touch of the canvas ,
continuity error and set mis-arrangement ,
so maybe i should keep my two-cent criticism over a superb film
9/10
of making her dancing look not only natural but beautiful .
absolutely awful-looking dinosaur ,
you would probably want to sit through this anyway.the one redeeming factor
and some convincing dinosaur could have been used.disappointing .
cheaply made and hopefully :
fun
if you enjoyed this i recommend :
there is a simultaneously subtle
a real gem .
because he is even a worse actor than her ,
and that is funny ,
i found it so ridiculous and meaningless
this is one of my favorite horror film of all time .
the menacing horror of michael meyer and the infamous scream of jamie lee curtis gives this film instant cult status and a great start for the independent era .
but carpenter gives us his 100 % and more devotion to this amazing masterpiece.john carpenter is the master of horror .
while he did release other great ,
carpenter has this amazing ability to ing you into the world
i loved every scene
i loved the scene
carpenter has found the perfect combination of visual fright and chilling sound to foreshadow what may happen to our unsuspecting victim next .
and it is done with refreshing originality and more unique thrill than anything
is still one of the best horror opening ever !
and you feel sympathetic for jason ,
but still far worse than the original movie .
and i gave this flick as much as 4/10
oh yeah and other than the lead the acting was pretty bad
that she became known as `` mrs melbourne '' .after the death of her beloved husband
court have always been hotbed of seething jealousy
as he forces his policy through against victoria 's better judgement .
keen on political rapprochement between great britain and the rest of europe .
`` the young victoria '' is a beautifully photographed
that britan flourished more under its two great queen
who lives alone in his remote rural farmhouse.chasing his beloved cat one morning into the wood around his property ,
where event take a supernatural turn '' soft for digging '' is a fantastic experimental horror with lot of creepy atmosphere to spare.this minimalist film
and the acting is excellent.the location
although the art direction is not half bad .
this is storytelling at its worst .
but this is definitely a film best
it probably would actually have been incredibly lame come to think on it .
that hella funny for some reason .
and raised my score an extra half point to a 4/10.it is not scary
is a superb film .
enjoyed it .
jason is fantastic .
jeff bridge is excellent as the boss .
megan fox looks amazingly hot ,
is a excellent entertainer .
have lost their life ! recommended .
john carpenter 's halloweenis it the greatest horror film of all time ?
talking sarcastic and lynda van der klok a beautiful and sexually vigorous young girl .
and his walk and body movement were perfect.one of the great highlight of this film
the blue lighting was creepy and effective and one of the great moment in this film
the white emotionless face worked perfectly.what makes this film
so great is that it is not a gory film unlike the cheesy friday the 13th film ,
if not the greatest then one of the greatest horror film of all time .
pure orson welle genius makes this one of the greatest of movie .
the shootout scene in the carnival hall of mirror is one of the most amazing ever filmed .
after picking up the dvd cheap .
so my disappointment was great ,
the direction was confused and dull ,
i was disappointed there as well !
the payoff and explanation was poor ,
if you want a fun romp with load of subtle humor ,
a vehicle for dennis hopper to mess with your head
ericka eleniak is absolutely beautiful
and shows a knack for subtle humor .
too bad
it will turn out great pretty much by default .
and to continue watching it to the end.anne was utterly annoying throughout ,
bland
dull
of which mary was the worst
more loathsome than funny.wentworth was very handsome
being portrayed rather than how good/bad the person acting were .
anthony head was excellent ,
the bbc are renowned for having done beautiful austen adaptation before
and it was terrible .
but really it was a painfully boring experience.i
funny
it ended up being boring
that were supposed to be funny.i can see
it is tedious at time
this is a very good movie - 8/10 .
the much hyped and over-confidently promoted tashan poorly bombed at the box-office
this is the worst movie
in most scene anil kapoor remind me of southern tamil star rajnikant in his body language and wordly expression .
in between saif did a great job in race ,
i knew i was watching a great movie unfold ,
the story in the lady from shanghai has the prime element of a film-noir :
( the latter is unfortunately too true- executive producer harry cohn
and the columbia execs are to blame for that )
who has great control in his eye ) .
a particular accomplishment is the fun-house mirror scene ,
or film-noir buff
( fan of the coen other might find this fascinating as well ) .
but this is just ridiculous .
low on idea waste of your time ,
gore and horror movie were made with no budget but a great story and a load of new idea and most importantly the heart and soul of the director
it is just amazing
the acting is also terrible ,
the location completely unconvincing and the soundtrack is so annoying it beggars belief .
this waste of time has absolutely nothing going for it ,
unless you are on a quest to compile a list of the worst movie of all time .
my best/worst part of the film is when a female character is pointing a gun at someone and threatening to shoot them
this film features two of my favorite guilty pleasure .
the effect are laughable
but just watching hasselhoff in his knight rider day is always fun .
a couple of them were not bad .
so goody-two shoe movie like these rarely get praisenonetheless ,
`` how stupid can you get ? ''
as if knowing rich or beautiful person
no real message .
faked and boring to tear .
but still came away disappointed .
this was my least favorite halestorm production i
is it really a funny gag
but if you want to see something funny go to a real church basketball game
drawn out and exceptionally boring movie .
that his other matt would have been able to pull this bad evil serial killer persona better .
this is like one big bad dream
it was but enjoyed it nevertheless .
but this one is my all time favorite .
this movie has the best tiny tim by far .
david warner is wonderful as bob cratchit .
edward woodward is the best ghost of christmas
a wonderful movie .
but quickly ran the gamut from confusing to dull .
the dull comes later
take on solid human form ,
i was very disappointed .
to a small arab town on the edge of the sahara comes a beautiful woman
but the film is still great fun and beautiful
marlene dietrich and charle boyer are a superb screen couple .
the supporting cast is excellent :
in a sympathetic role as a count
all uncredited.color film of the 1930 's are both rare and lovely
darkly funny ,
but like any great fable
and he gives the role his best shot ,
and he is not bad .
his usual self - enjoyable in bit part ,
and they had a lot of good natured fun with it .
sister in law is made by the same director of the rather curiously fascinating 'divorce
what is great about this court
that woman has made great stride in society
the judge waste no time in lashing out at the woman with fury .
and if this site could i would give this movie -3/10 meaning i really hated this movie .
uwe boll 's alone in the dark was the worst i
bloodrayne would win a oscar for best movie
because the death 's where boring .
uwe boll your movie are no longer on my list of worst movie
but that was the best i could .
and reminding me of how bad this movie scared me for life ... .
morally ambiguous and predictable ending thank to the foreshadowing and the good veteran cop 's coming to term
who relish this kind of cheap and demonstrative show
unfortunately
tobe hooper has made great movie
so i was certain this could not be bad .
sometime made me almost cry for hooper.i rated this 3/10
because its 1990 `` horror '' -movie and many interesting or funny thing happened there .
funny gore
horrible acting
then everything goes unbelievable messy nothing really explain anything and .. well
story of who 's `` house '' and `` house mother '' ought out the best and the ightest in competition .
is that it serves as a perfect example of movie
that al pacino should avoid performing in .
at time it was weak and unattractive
dialogue and character interaction was terrible along with a weak plot .
the supporting cast did an extremely perfunctory job
awake.this movie will surely bore you as well ... avoid at all cost .
their strength sometimes becomes their weakness ,
that teller of tale have gathered and perfected over the age ,
every single main character is perfectly portrayed with their doubt and fear and their quality
the pacing is so perfect
build to an unforgettable climax of melancholy
it is best
populated by boring hollywood flick ,
witty and wonderful depiction of family life !
that is funny
of course the show is also incredibly funny ,
that the floor is a mess with shoe and toy spread all about .
is the best .
the last one was probably the weakest
and it should of been the best considering
that this was the main bad guy
are so lame can sort-of be overlooked .
that it resoundingly fails on so many level ,
supporting turn by david thewlis and charlotte rampling waste these fine actor on talky exposition scene and clich\u00e9-heavy posturing .
poorly-lit
boring and laughable .
that will be hard to top as the year worst .
`` the greatest enemy will hide in the last place
a superb movie !
amazing sound design
and solid performance from chen and lee
unfortunately
batman ta may be the worst thing
`` it is not too bad ,
he will either resort to something cheap
and it is not that re-imagining are a bad thing ,
but the mark of a truly good show is that it can be enjoyed on different level by all age .
the plot was something along the line of a poorly written xena episode ,
( not bad for a professional kick boxer and amateur actress ) .
just to count the number of time kathy long 's tight red short were center screen.unfortunately ,
as the grudge grew more and more predictable by the minute .
and that buying a ticket for `` the grudge '' is a waste of money .
bad porn movie
the plot in this one is not so bad
bad acting
bad direction
bad looking woman ,
bad set
bad cinematography
bad sound and bad sex scene .
the animation in this film was about all i enjoyed .
that the actor ' performance were excellent .
gave a wonderfully unnerving air to the piece .
most annoying about this was the relative lack
at best
but the only redeeming feature of this picture would be that truly grotesque makeup job by the legendary rick baker .
incredible steve-o could not muster much more than a isk walk ,
i enjoyed every moment of this beautiful film
artemisia is a wonderful film
to explore the life and work of this fascinating artist .
stupid
not funny .
tedious
bad
is just great !
great movie with great actor to show
that life is not funny all the time ,
you watch some awful cheeseball like night of horror or plutonium baby ,
how did this guy get the fund for four of the flakiest movie ever made ?
it is pathetic
its quality and everything about it is pretty bad but its entertaining and something to talk about amongst your friend .
recommended download for sure .
o and the killing are pretty funny .
that they are beautiful woman
but it soon gets boring ,
it still makes for an excellent horror setting .
the naked lady tend to look great ,
this film would get very boring very quickly .
i do not know who to blame
why does sheen sleepwalk through potentially hot relationship with two of the most beautiful and sexy actress in the world ?
this was so predictable i was surprised to find
what a waste
could be so funny !
and who both went into the production end of thing and enjoyed tycoon status on the small screen .
pretending to be funny .
what is funny though is that the film 's producer
which some wonderful song are sung and sung beautifully .
some of the dialog is wonderfully clever .
the music in this movie is beautiful .
was more beautiful than the star i see today .
who appreciates great talent
great beauty and great music .
it just makes it worse !
and a bunch of horrible one
but it was terrible.now
it is such a disappointment !
just violent thing happening to mostly stupid person .
because of the stupid mistake
more bad guy .
less bad guy .
it only seems like there is two or three bad guy .
and those were the best actor in ex yugoslavia .
it was painful to watch peter seller embarrass himself so badly .
the story was incredibly lame and difficult to follow ,
and the ending was ridiculous .
is the funniest stuff i
it is as perfect
it is any great loss to either of them .
and that is why it fails in its intent .
this is the worst .
the worst one was 'unknown pleasure ' .
this evening i was disappointed again .
the photography was very poor :
it was way way more funny
the bad temper of a husband obsessed by the memory of his autocratic father
amazing mansion set on fire
for making a consistently funny film .
this movie would sound incredibly boring .
`` the perfect example of this is a scene
and draw our own conclusions.alvin 's journey across iowa is full of such refreshingly un-hollywood character interaction .
`` the straight story '' is the rare live-action `` g '' -rated movie
looking at the modern version of the flickering flames 24 time per second
the two lead role are performed to perfection .
john wayne is excellent as townsend harris ,
eiko ando is likewise excellent as the geisha of the title
it lacks all pomposity .
not self-consciously `` great '' figure from history .
the clash of culture and interest is portrayed with great skill and subtlety .
is excellent .
an excellent film .
to make dog mess vanish
to have been a springboard for some great bitching between the two star
and black are simply not funny for way too much of the time
the sopranos is arguably the greatest show in dramatic television history.it hard to think of another series
tony is a fascinating
for making a womanising and horrifically aggressive ute a genuinely identifiable and perfect leading man .
and often poor the sopranos stands tall above the rest as america 's most original and compelling drama .
the story might have been a little too weak .
the mystery here was not too bad ,
that was great about this
to frame certain shot picture postcard perfect .
picture postcard perfect scene really need to take a backseat
twas not really a bad movie .
this was absolutely the best canadian-hungarian production i
i hereby proclaim this to be a mediocre made-for-tv movie ,
keenan ivory wayan is probably one of the worst director ,
avoid such title like do not be a menace to south central
that has keenan name in the credits.it was an hour and a half on stupid nonsense
that happen but on a whole this film will never be liked by anyone with a good taste in film ... ... .. 1/10 ... ... .j.d seaton
avoid this pile of garbage at all cost .
excellent .
the film is best understood
etc.. all this really seemed random and pretty awful .
not as bad a film
what an utter disappointment !
was i disappointed .
the other character was poorly executed
but it all fails with bland and aindead character .
4/10
it may not have been a great movie .
it would be a disappointment-my hormone
how great it felt way back when.added later :
the very worst thing
is the best drawn in the film .
trash the place during a party far worse than `` la dolce vita 's '' climactic orgy ,
but malle chose to show us the worst of what was there to be seen .
that some american filmmaker will go to france to reveal to the american public its worst element .
and appeared polished and incredibly well made with some episode crossing into the realms of film noir and crime thriller.the main arc was often eclipsed by the slice of life
also an excellent actor
and then the couple falls in love.the chemistry between the two lead is not great ,
they did the best
they could with a predictable plot and a script
this one fails to be memorable .
but these are not necessarily the best indicator of strength
weakness
the task invariably reveal in unexpected way the strength and weakness of the participant and in particular the project manager .
that can not be hidden by a $ 100 silk tie or a beautiful makeover .
leaderhip quality and/or weakness often become agonizingly obvious after only a few minute .
where trump hears the lame excuse of the member and knock off one or more of the contestant like piece off a chess board with the now infamous `` you are fired '' .
my least-favorite aspect of `` the apprentice '' is the board room .
while the task themselves ing out the strength and weakness in the candidate ,
the board room often ings out the worst .
unfortunately
trump saw kristus as weak and fired her ,
she did not blame other unjustly .
the strength of `` the apprentice '' is also its weakness .
and got some great sound from special affect .
this movie is a great movie rental ,
their faces sure look like joan river on a bad day .
mediocre acting and amateurish gore-effect do not help and the night scene fatally recall paris hilton 's most famous movie .
so bad
that it is really bad .
the planning episode were a bit dull ,
it was quite fun to watch .
the ending was great and i was very happy to see at least one of the team make it .
not as great as the long way round ,
this movie was like a bad train wreck ,
as horrible
my boyfriend and i rented it and wasted two hour of our day .
she does a wonderful job
the ridiculous and embarrassing courting scene between richard and trudi are totally funny !
episode one was excellent !
there were no boring shot of repeated angle for hour
and also some beautiful scenery picture as well !
channel ten and all cast and crew -wonderful work ! !
man of honor has many great aspect to it .
is the great acting .
it chronicles his rough struggle from being a poor farmer
unless you have incredible wilpower .
shumlin did not do a bad job
but it is not a great work of cinematic art.it is
a beautiful movie .
i have loved it since local channel used to show it .
graham greene is one of my favorite writer of the last century .
some pretty bad movie were made from his novel and story .
this is superbly cast .
but he seems to have the perfect temperament for this character
but the supporting player are the best :
katina paxinou is excellent .
is excellent
she does her best.i recommend this movie highly .
`` the wedding date '' is one of the best example of why not to even try to remake
dea messing and dermot mulrooney ?
and vice-versa in this predictable story .
who was the best asset in `` junebug '' ,
20 out of 10 this is a truly wonderful story about a wartime evacuee and a curmudgeonly carpenter tom oakley .
i truly enjoyed it and for those
this movie is the biggest waste of nine dollar
the trailer is nothing less than intriguing and exciting ; unfortunately ,
you are in for disappointment .
`` why is it so bad
where the dialogue was just so ridiculous i began
the acting was absolutely dreadful .
the cinematography was awful with not one moment of suspense or mystique .
this movie was boring ,
poorly acted ,
poorly written
and an overwhelming disappointment .
a movie has rarely left me as cold as this one .
it was not supposed to be a great movie ,
the wrong message got communicated to the public ,
and sam neill is equally great .
definitely one of fred schepisi 's best movie ever .
the cast is very solid.this movie has a late 1950 's new york city feel and a cat
is the three of them being extremely nice to one another what a refreshing change-of-pace .
i found it fun to watch .
too bad this movie was not made to be a farce ,
annoying
he is one of our best actor and a good director ,
both time frank the bad guy is away being a miserable sob .
and living with his utterly stupid screaming trashy pregnant wife .
that was an utterly pointless affirmative action subplot
because mexican are so tough and cool.but frank is bad
accompanying the film was a great soundtrack of good sixty song like jefferson airplane and janis joplin
the worst offense is that ,
after good joe the cop leaves.so joe has chase his bad other down and i was so hoping
who is a messenger ,
becomes the message
in which director elia kazan achieved a great sense of realism
which has to be met in order to avoid a disaster ,
provides the story with its great sense of urgency and pace and the problem
after the shock of his selfishly poor timing wore off i almost wished
an utter waste of time and perhaps
it has some beautiful cinematography ,
andand was the special fx director for the excellent daimajin trilogy .
but the yokai are nevertheless great fun .
a wonderful surprise of the spanish cinema .
jordi molla could be such a great director ,
however this film was absolutely fantastic and not predictable at all ...
it has not enjoyed much good press
who becomes the new messiah just for kick
unfortunately
a couple of the segment are totally boring .
a few really great clip make up for this .
happily avoided the draft
and enjoyed the ladies.patrick and dench 's character meet
with superb performance from all involved .
if jumping into a wood chopper would be more enjoyable than this dreck .
this whole mess with vader and the fall of the republic can be blamed on that stupid b***h amma-lamma-ding-dong .
who lived in a beautiful field with a small wood in it ,
this film made absolute sense to me.the imagery of the film was beautiful
the story is excellent
and is really refreshing
this is a pathetic copy .
the story is amazing
he series feature a few of premchand munshi 's and other great hindi writer story .
was this movie stupid ?
molly hagan did a great job as jaime pressly 's mom .
but it was funny as hell .
as an actress was fantastic
i enjoyed michael nyqvist in the lead of this well-rounded cast .
the movie deserves 2/10 .
but this movie is like a poor way
it degrades the show greatly .
for a long time i have not seen so beautiful animated feature .
animator have created an incredibly beautiful world here .
the graphic is amazing ,
almost every object in every frame is drawn perfectly .
so much i loved what i have seen.the plot is absolutely romantic .
that a product of european animation studio turned out to be so great .
a candy for eye and heart.the only minus is stupid beginning
it is 9of10 not 10/10
that makes this film great .
the range of emotion within it is the mark of a great movie .
like the ending of another great film
extremely dull drama starring a very young roddy mcdowall ,
because this is a really great spy movie .
but shows what lies behind the victory in good and bad .
his work is always excellent ,
so i can have the entire movie in my collection and more person will become familiar with this very little known gem .
i am far from a fan of shahid kapoor .
was complete stupidity .
and the music was very boring and bland .
who has become my favorite after main hoon na .
the casting adds to its perfection .
shahid kapoor surprised me with a good performance .
the best is easily amrita rao .
this is her best performance .
the song were quite disappointing
making it a perfect family film .
funny
the overall package makes for fun
funny ,
it would be fun to watch this film ,
and they would be funny together .
billy does not even get to be funny very often .
at how badly his father let him down .
mostly disappointing with a few glimmer of good humor .
but it is one of the best horror movie i watched .
it is cool to see stephen king 's cameo as the minister of the funeral.of course ,
avoiding important subject does not help anything .
where the line are funny .
the script is so bad
that it is hard not to cringe at the awfulness throughout .
but this one is much cheaper
to make matter worse ,
and because of this characteristic weakness even the psychic
and because of the same weakness the very story of the film is ended in a badly escapist way .
special effect of this film are incredibly cheap and laughable .
although stelvio cipriani 's music is noteworthily beautiful
the film as a whole is nothing but a cheap b-film
this movie is the second worst film
i completely wasted my time watching this film .
the best part would have to be the ending credit .
do not waste your time watching this movie ,
an excellent movie and great example of how scary a movie can be
that can be enjoyed again and again .
that embellishes itself with the name of en excellent scientist ,
however this falls far short of providing anything worth your time \u0096 avoid at all cost .
as the bomber scans the landscape for his best target .
what a dreadful movie !
which seems to be the popular color for most of the cheap cgi special effect .
the acting is less than horrible .
the acting is bad .
the cgi is very very cheap and amateurish .
and having enjoyed the first vampire title
especially the annoying vampire / drug addict woman .
the stench resembles bad cowpy
that so many talented actor wasted their time making such a hopelessly awful film .
on that great show `` bonanza .
he reared wonderful sons.naturally ,
renny harlin 's superbly gritty and moody `` prison '' got the whole haunted hoosegow ball rolling ;
your usual annoying collection of horribly unsympathetic college student chowderhead
( blandly played by toni basil of `` hey micky '' fame ) .
`` slaughterhouse rock '' nonetheless just does not cut it as a solid
this is largely due to the uniformly obnoxious and unlikeable collegiate smartaleck character
and finally quite confusing script miserably fails to develop the necessary internal logic
this stinker sadly succeeds
the acting was lousy for the most part .
so laura gets the blame for everything .
was a poor excuse for a way
the graphic was superb
and it was amazing
flik was superb and awesome in the movie
and he was funny
and they are superb in the movie .
the grasshopper were also superb and cool in the movie .
hopper was a pure and perfect villain .
that scene was superb and good .
who does not find this movie funny ,
played to horrifying perfection by v. tolokonnikov ,
but that is a minor quibble.sadly ,
that one of the all-round best movie out there is languishing unrestored and untranslated
uma thurman is the most beautiful woman on the planet
( unfortunately that includes the horrible film batman and robin
as the worst movie i have ever seen .
the finale is really great though as jackie trashes a mall
the excellent giallo `` whatever happened to solange ?
which looks great both as a glowing milieu for the nubile student and as a shadowy backdrop for one of the murder scene .
unfortunately
this one is sort of predictable ,
the next story is a bit more unpredictable ,
and was probably my favorite of the bunch .
who seems awfully protective of his daughter .
it drags a bit leading to a very predictable conclusion .
and the book was fascinating.this movie ,
to illustrate a temerity of a great possibly
when filmed in an beautiful country such as peru .
do not waste your time or energy on this flop .
not making a judgement about him one way or the other myself ,
very disappointing film .
alan bate captures this mindset perfectly as michael bayte ,
wonderfully
`` hollywood north '' is a great place
this is a great film ! !
great.jamie lee curtis is an actress i can never stop loving.this movie might be old ,
and the acting was absolutely fantastic ! !
! this movie was great ,
the musical is a favorite of mine .
it all just seems perfect .
and great musical numbers.whether or not you like musical or not ,
it is a great laugh .
not that it is bad in a graphic sense ,
the animation was excellent considering
too bad it was not one great animation film .
that features poor person and adopts a pseudo-gritty look
( although the actor did their best with really bad part )
`` gritty '' and `` down and dirty '' .sadly ,
with bad cinematography
that do nothing but copy the worst of the film
unfortunately for two love-seeking lonely young adult ,
but it turned out being a great surprise .
some average acting at time and a slightly confusing ending are the only weak point
boring
the whole idea is not funny .
beautifully photographed and ably acted
beautiful
mind-numbingly dull ?
is terrible .
the most god-awful line from an english language sf movie
i do not blame him .
it is this rare gem .
`` a joint was a bad place
and few from any country rival its perfection .
having loved the original little mermaid ,
i have got a little message for you .
that is what made eric my favorite prince .
that knew how to have fun .
unfortunately
do not even try to mess with our favorite crab .
and has a multitude of very annoying child .
and he is bland ,
i have always like this great baseball movie !
including two tremendous actor and two of my favorite danny glover and christopher lloyd !
the film has great special effect and acting from all of the film 's actor !
this is a fantastic movie for non and baseball fan and i strongly recommend this film !
filmirage ought the world such amazing stinker as `` troll 2 ''
what made matter worse was that the scene transition were confusing ;
these scene transition got progressively worse.i could try to say
very highly recommended by me on the strength of its un-pc fetal violence .
ameteurish and it is not funny at all .
is very annoying .
edit by e.t and star war is just plain stupid.actor yilmaz goksal is the only good think about this movie .
and this movie is his worst
is another plus of this waste of money .
in it is a wonderful life ,
this is perfectly true
it is too bad
but she is supermodel beautiful .
when they need a beautiful new actress
and her acting `` talent '' is worse than made-for disney channel tv show )
but its real message is one of love and perseverance.mark and tom were in a long-term
has great historical importance for the croatian person .
but the best so far is `` the death of yugoslavia ''
nationalism is the best way
as rizzo the rat and others.another great muppet flick .
frank oz directs this movie excellently
and all the actor do a great job
a horribly pointless and
worse
boring film .
( admittedly very funny
are talking her up for an oscar nomination is laughable )
whilst maggie gyllenhaal does a passable job with a very weak script
that was the most fun time in my life
and almost every single short is a gem .
that this is one of the worst of the first tom and jerry episode ,
but the fact of the matter is that all tom and jerry episode are great ,
this is far from the best tom and jerry short out there ,
but this is still a fun and entertaining piece of time .
but it is still nice.7/10
great movie - especially the music - etta james - `` at last '' .
and mom and dad can have fun watching as well .
growing up in the 80 's i enjoyed this movie ,
they will be able to have as much fun
the plot is fun
forget the poor and unnecessary sequel it spawned ,
this is the original and best.director siu-tung ching
( still best known as an action choreographer on such film
but wonderful would be unthinkable.the editing by the amazingly prolific david wu
his crafting of the perfectly choreographed high flying
tree climbing sword fight makes them some of the best hk cinema has ever created .
where wonderful blue tinged night sequence ,
the set are also amazing ,
flag filled wasteland of hell for the amazing finale .
hong kong film have given us some fantastic music and song
as the character.the score is a perfect mixture of modern and traditional instrumant .
bell and guitar pound away over the action sequence to great effect ,
but the effect is wonderful .
but also gives off a subtle eroticism in the scene
is great fun as the wise
he treads a fine line between the eccentric and the annoying with practised ease .
that could have harmed the film is actually wonderfully entertaining and memorable.but what about the monster and beasty ? ,
but fun stop motion/animatronic zombie
( resulting in a great running gag with constantly thwarted attempt to munch on the amusingly unsuspecting tsau-shen ) ,
to the rather cheesy but surprisingly effective lord black .
to fantastic and unforgettable effect.so
fantastic idea
beautiful music
it is stupid film with horrible acting
i also loved de palma 's mission :
screenplay is really bad and unfunny .
it is one of the worst film i
just worst .
showing some of the best man of jazz
no great production value
one i saw is memorable for me and one of my favorite ,
it is just so enjoyable with a nice twist .
which is a perfect way
only like most horror series thing take a turn for the worst and bad person
the odd are greatly stacked
you learn bad person get what they axe for !
well this tale ends with a perfect holiday scream !
this is without a doubt one of my favorite and probably one of the classic crypt episode of all-time !
pickup on south street is relentlessly fascinating to watch .
as strong.jean peter is excellent as the hard-edged girl
good noir from fox and notable for the performance of widmark
was a horrible actor .
this show was absolutely terrible .
for one george is not funny ,
the character are portrayed.plus the dysfunctional family thing 's been done to death .
what makes this show funny
but sadly
this movie was horrible
but she is a great guitarist and songwriter ,
but i can not admit to there being any redeeming quality to this film .
i was too insulted by this attempt at humor and satire
this is a superb movie ,
doing this funny thing .
it is annoying .
who 's doing all these stupid thing ,
you can not take the funniest character
but the writer are trying to keep the 8th season funny ,
but not without kelso and eric.great show .
jealousy
and a bit of fun as well .
can only be described as awful .
it is bad to start with and then gets even more bad .
that it can get worse - but fear
another poorly written script for a donkey director for no-talent offspring of past movie star .
if the script is worse than the acting
the directing is worse than both .
and gets stuck into the baddy .
this is a really ridiculous movie .
here he star the lead in a cheap action flick
after killing bad guy
avoid !
this can be best summed up as a `` blown-up '' tv movie
it can not even be enjoyed as camp .
bad dialogue
bad acting
bad direction
the kill were predictable and poorly staged ,
the music was annoying ,
even the costume were bad .
i felt really bad for the actor ,
but who had to deal with terrible
and so boring
it is quite easily one of the worst movie i
but this one was so bad
this movie is a complete waste of time .
so `` american nightmare '' is not the worst movie i have ever seen ,
ustinov is at his best ,
it is great to see her in her early day ,
that the computer hacking trick are laughable ,
nor are the wonderful stereotype of italian
this is a really stupid movie in that typical 80s genre :
but completely lacks the action
he is awful
are not very funny .
this is a wonderful new crime series ,
that makes this movie awful is the acting .
the other acting is bad ,
but not nearly as bad as her .
that makes this movie bad
this gets very annoying as the movie progresses .
do not waste your time on this one .
1/10
1975 's master of the flying guillotine is an amazing and wonderful film to watch .
-- bad
but enjoyably bad .
-- and one of my favorite `` bad '' film and great to see with friends.because of this film ,
though sadly it turned out not to be a sequel but a bit of a knock-off
it is silly fun ,
but instead are a bunch of baddy
too bad .
it is wonderfully thought up ,
and it does get tedious at moment to see show so close in identity.with a magnificent cast
wonderful script
but by gum - it is so much bloody fun !
is truly amongst the worst i
and ridiculous 'plot ' actually only serve to elevate the enjoyment level ten fold.obviously
and enjoyed it very much ,
and the story were amazing ,
further punch is added by the fantastic soundtrack .
they do not come much worse than this horrid adaptation of c. s. lewis 's beloved novel .
the acting is simply awful
the worst effect of all is mr. beaver .
avoid this at all cost .
'the rookie ' was a wonderful movie about the second chance life holds for us
if you loved 'remember the titan ' ,
and it is the perfect movie for all age .
the most enjoyable thing about the whole visually attractive
( and bestowing a classic line `` go ahead .
it is like he is experimenting with noir-thriller touch with character-driven trait
inging a methodical funky kick ,
and gives the film plenty of scope by wonderfully framing the backdrops in some impeccable tracking scene ,
this going by the sudden shift in a plot turn of harry 's quest for justice by the badge
paul drake is perfectly menacing and filthy as one of the targeted thug and audrie j. neenan nails down a repellently scummy and big-mouthed performance .
this movie is probably my favorite movie of all time .
miriam flynn is excellent as bunny packard .
the rest of the cast is amazing ,
and the film is really really funny .
if you enjoy a fun ,
this is not a bad film .
it is not wildly funny ,
it has a few funny moment .
but by '80 standard itwas excellent .
the film effectively blames the person of ni
the stupid song from the woman in the club - old ireland of green field ..blah..blah.. - is given a symbolic stature
poor young fool fighting for an impossible cause .
tedious
cheap and nasty trash .
they are perfect film for a pure relaxation
definitely falls into the `` so bad
it is so bad
that it can not possibly get any worse
in the end you are so amazed by all the new level of stupidity
i still give it 1/10 though -
it will became an instant bad movie classic .
and the premise were obviously influenced by the first ( and best )
his adaptation is superb
( superb in a very small role ) ,
though must go to one of the great thespian discovery of recent year
watching this film holds a fantastic reminder of the many pearl of wisdom
personal fx was the first -and best - of the collectible show .
what a mess.this is a delightful film
who is a natural actress and a beautifully-trained singer .
this is a truly awful `` b '' movie .
willy best did in many film .
some movie go best unseen .
i loved this film .
and the casting could not be more perfect .
watching this film on dvd at home a complete waste of time and space.in short ,
that constantly throwing mostly vague and hard to connect with each other 30-second vignette of different story-line from a dozen or so `` story-line '' at the audience made for great and clear viewing .
what does make for great viewing is total clarity
for the tv and dvd presentation of the hollywood and british film noir of the 1940s and 1950s whose writer
relentlessly stupid
-- not a bad idea in itself --
laughable `` script ''
and rather funny at the same time .
unfortunately
lucas black as caleb temple and gary cole as sheriff lucas buck are great together ,
this is an excellent series
which is funny as timone gets more and more crazy .
my thought to save the rest of you from the disappointment i felt watching it .
based on a great short story and with a cast
then why oh why is it so bad ?
predictable action and clich\u00e9d line .
the best singaporean romantic comedy so far ,
do not waste your money or your emotion like i did .
these swede carve out a message
and be loved unconditionally.do not go see
if not the worst movie i have ever seen in my life .
and coming together as a family.talk about false advertisement at it worst.after many shot of animal
doing `` funny '' thing in the background of `` pivotal '' scene and not to mention a whole five minute
that could have been cut completely out of this poorly written script
to be an insult to any of those person out there
it would be rather weak and watery ,
sadly
the timely message are undermined by the film 's poor quality and lack of focus .
consequently the entertainment and excitement are also skewered by moment of dullness and misdirection.the total result is workmanlike and wooden .
really excellent movie ,
one of the best i have seen .
and it is just beautiful .
really loved the idea of the movie ,
noone is bad or good ,
there lies the true happiness.great actor and cast ,
it is a fantastic true story
this was awful
almost embarrassingly so ... stupid slasher-type story i really thought
when occurring in a film this poorly scripted )
i can say about this mess :
unfortunately
because the film is so terrible .
granted it is a great place to live climate wise in the summer
not by any means the best comedy ever but for a guy
as well as one of the greatest horror film.what makes the film so terrifying is not the jump scare
shelley duvall gives one of the most annoying performance in cinematic history \u0096 probably on purpose ,
for better or for worse
not the annoying kid or nagging wife .
its strangeness perfectly reflects the hotel
as great of a novel writer
his screenplay are terrible ,
he prefers wine and trip to france over hard labor and the great outdoor .
and the mom basically wants what is best for her daughter .
bad about what he is done
and does not want to make thing worse .
there is some bad language
i became disappointed as the film ran on ,
and it got worse and worse .
the film started out decent with some few gem moment ,
the long-delayed climax of leo 's awakening comes about 20 minute late.great cinematography often comes at the expense of a decent script ,
it is unfathomable how anyone could give this much originality a bad review .
and it is still at the top of my 'favorite movie ' list .
it is amazingly put together
and he hit the target perfectly !
churchman and a great intellectual ;
i recommended this film a lot
this is a great work for rescue a forgotten hero .
the film was simply awful -
it was awful .
the script was terrible
`` kettle of fish '' is a serious contender for the worst movie i
the best way
which of course turns out to be the best thing
is very predictable and tired .
and the best film music since ... well ... ever .
( though not as beautiful and fluid as miyazaki 's later film )
hisaichi is hands down my favorite film composer ,
there is a great message with this film
too bad
about how lame this film is .
that is lame.if you are the kind of person
find switch to open door '' over and over until the level is done.there are fun mini game too like
or bomb disarming.dead to right is also a hard game.you will be put in an area swarming with bad guy armed with sub machine gun
the wall will be painted in blood.family fun for everyone .
i was rather disappointed .
that are very poorly executed .
despite the actor best effort are flat and uninteresting .
a waste of time .
i found it to be at best a snooze-fest and at worst more than a little annoying .
it was incredible .
everything was wonderful !
and it would never ever get boring.red eye i have to say is better than 10/10 stars.original mpaa rating :
and i was not disappointed .
which is `` worse than nazis '' .
recommended to watch - this movie is full of ly
steiner 's wonderful music and of course jimmie stewart
as the bland nick adam
and here are my findings.some initial disappointment - i had not checked ,
but he is a terrible
terrible superman .
which had a bit more to them.something of a disappointment - i sha n't be watching it again .
( a pretty annoying fellow
) .louise brooks is beautiful and charming ,
and i found the movie to be excellent ,
but all it succedes at is making you wish really badly
and not it.it is very lame .
was by continually making fun of its stupidity .
-- we all joined in.this movie is soooo bad ,
the movie 's not half bad ,
she does become the most fascinating character in the story ,
that to be the least interesting and most tedious part of maugham 's novel ,
everything was so dark in this boring movie
that it was laughable .
do not waste your time .
do not waste your time with anything altman makes :
it is all a pretentious waste of film .
do not waste your time or your money on this movie .
it could not be that bad .
it was so horrible it was almost like an accident scene
i went from hating the woman 's rapist to almost feeling bad for him .
an awful movie
do not waste your money .
which was a huge disappointment.the script
this film is grossly overlooked or this is a hidden hitchcock gem or a true hitchcock great or some other generic
that - this - is - a - great - hitchcock - film - just -
that - this - is - a - great - hitchcock - film - just -
that the ring is one of the best photographed and performed film of mostly all of them .
but do not actually kiss.the film is certainly beautifully photographed
but this is a great sample of his early work .
this has to be one of the worst movie of all time .
when they decided to plunk $ 80 million down on this extremely tired and lame animated flick .
this is a really lame movie ,
definitely on my top 10 worst list of this year .
we 'd expect from the very best bbc dramas .
amazingly well considering .
they got the eye just right.the bad bit :
because this one is fun.along with `` the narrow margin ''
and `` face behind the mask '' this is one of the best b picture ever made .
but dame may witty is great
and george macready is excellent
a perfect example of how you can make a great movie on a small budget .
so as to do such horrible thing to their loved one ,
it is rather enjoyable .
the limitation of its 'direct-to-video ' photography well-handled.the weakness of the film is in the disastrous decision
this show is just annoying ! ! !
without bad mouthing the behavior of the character or the laugh track .
`` that is not funny/sad/cute ''
as serial go `` zorro 's fighting legion '' is one of the best action serial of the 1930s .
is trying to put his new country on a solid financial footing .
may be best remembered for playing tarzan in 1927 's `` tarzan and the golden liom ''
and for his marriage to joan burroughs the daughter of tarzan creator edgar rice burroughs.thoroughly enjoyable .
are poorly combined ,
begins to play 'today could be a great day '
and not give us a solid base comic too ,
who are very enjoyable to see working ,
both interpreter are erected easily the highlight of the function .
( beyond bad )
but not great .
whose honor comes into conflict with the more educated and wealthier man of the period.poor vs. rich
`` my god this looks like a really bad sitcom . ''
poor poor canada.cara
the performer are really that bad ,
being a poor
and ineffective send-up of old sitcom.writer/director desiree lim has put together a by-the-number bland-fest
that is entirely forgettable .
unfortunately i do not have this opinion about daniel burke ,
i rate this 10/10 .
is a great history of surfing ;
so 10/10
its dolph versus the baddy in a fight to the death .
where bad guy dressed
as punk and some of the bad woman had day glow hair .
what a stupid movie .
fake eakaway set and poor action direction were even a twinkle in a producer eye .
what hath the god of bad movie wrought ?
( a solid turn by john bennett )
although this particular outing is too obvious and predictable to be anything special ,
both become infatuated with the beguiling wax statue of a beautiful
( a typically terrific christopher lee in a rare semi-sympathetic role )
this item makes for good silly fun
highly recommended to fan of omnibus fright fare .
robert blake and scott wilson are excellent together as two criminal with disparate personality .
both were excellent ,
sadly
do not mess with dennis weaver
that this will be a great romantic comedy .
then the movie takes a turn for the worse .
and despite the bad script ,
you will probably have a great time anyway .
the conspiracy theorist are bad-scientist ,
the plot was annoying ,
the music there was was annoying
and boring .
those were also annoying .
i need to go see `` tideland '' and wash this bad taste out of my mouth .
i truly enjoyed this film .
the death of the creature was far too gruesome for the sci fi channel.there were some interesting religious message in this film .
jeff combs obviously played a messiah figure and the creature
this movie was a real disappointment to me .
i was very disappointed .
this film is a disappointment to any gram parson fan .
how the creator invent all this amazing story
what did you think to create this amazing story ?
this is a purely awful movie .
it rate a near perfect score on the unintentional comedy scale .
i would not waste the gas or energy driving to the video store to rent it ,
this movie is chock full of wonderful gore ,
watch this great flick !
pierce broson is amazing in his role as a hit man ,
that he can do comedy with the best of them ) ,
great scott !
that this is a bad movie in every way .
the story is stupid ;
and the dialogue is terrible .
will be blamed
that was recommended to me year ago ,
the sentinel has the perfect build up of tension .
terrible is always awaiting her ,
she is beautiful to look at ,
chris sarandon is great as the boyfriend
sadly tend to neglect .
well worth the look.7/10
although the film is predictable
he makes an excellent sam kleinman
is about to change for the worst .
elizabeth perkin plays rachel with great style..the film has a beautiful look thank to the cinematography of dan gillham
and the excellent musical score by steven argila .
the film shows a great team effort between its director
it had the worst soundtrack of any movie ever .
-- surpassing the previous most god-awful movie
when i was about 10.bad acting
stilted and ridiculous dialog
even the music was annoying .
the special effect were not bad
the cast is boring .
but knew nothing of the plot.unfortunately ,
while the song are catchy and ginger roger ' character is sweet and funny ,
watching for the song and a great solo tap routine by ginger roger .
that adam sandler was not the best at first either .
but i over look that to find the best point of this movie
this movie a 10/10 .
almost like a `` film noir . ''
and there is disappointment in that .
their annoying sexual banter is equivalent to that of standard locker room chat among teen just arriving at puberty .
it is just a poor excuse
and play out wonderfully .
as it is annoying .
few laugh out of this utterly forgettable comedy ,
they had become figure of fun by 1958 and mr lemmon does not appear overly concerned with restraint in portraying one .
miss novak - bathed in a particularly beautiful spectrum of technicolor -
as the ultimate showcase for one of hollywood 's most beautiful woman .
loved by moviegoer ,
the portly sinatra try hard to sell us the lame joke
but he fails miserably
the frankly laughable denouemant
there is even a ridiculously campy gay character
-- played excellently by denzel washington ,
and he was surprisingly good in the role.attenborough gave this the sort of direction
wears the same wearying and annoying mask of agony
does nothing toward making its character remotely interesting or sympathetic ,
the last 30 minute suggests some eath-taking message about grace and one man 's suffering
it is best to be different from most film by the 'blair witch ' type of filming ...
like somebody had a cheap video camera
the five girl really do their best with what they have been given but on the whole come across as pretty terrible actress ...
and the camera are so bad
is for the poor actress
after making this terrible movie .
my favorite part of your post was `` but no big bang-bang good-guy bad-guy here
and is simply a very bad movie .
how bad foreign film really were
which actually is an excellent film ,
the script fails
stelvio cipriani 's lame tune poorly illustrates the adventure of these silly tourist
and we could find this pitiful flick quite funny
we could excuse badly made film and poor fxs
that combine just enough violence for the adult and fun for the kid .
falling down had a great idea
which is schumacher 's best film from what i
my mouth slightly open with a weak 'i can not believe it smile ' on my face .
being very funny and entertaining ,
tigerland is still a great study of what makes person tick ;
it seriously is fascinating as is the drive of each soldier .
i really enjoyed girl fight .
the acting was fantastic
even though he loved her he
that i really enjoyed in the movie also .
-- film noir
that is one of the best in the series .
surprisingly not terrible and well animated for one of disney 's straight to video throw away sequel .
ranging from hilarious to dull .
for the most part the mst3k-like moment are bland and full of untapped potential
overall this movie in not bad
is terrible ,
is completely wasted ,
the supporting cast is also terrible.yes
without stupid humour ,
is not even funny as a comedy ,
so do not waste your precious time .
i have definitely seen worse movie ,
that i enjoyed this movie and i can not recommend that anyone see it .
it is supposed to be elevating or fascinating
but the tedious wimp
amazingly to be much worse .
why ham it up so badly ?
because any decent girl-friend would have told him that face-fungus did not flatter him
because he looked worse
sadly
how bad this movie is ?
i just watched the stupidest movie ever .
that is how bad this movie is .
do not waste your time money or even ain cell on this ludicrous piece of crap .
that the excellent production skill and direction lavished on the making of the film were doomed from the start .
and morgan freeman are either totally wasted or given role
that are mere caricatures.there is enough topical material here for a truly great film satire ,
but it fails to come even close .
like many of you i am a great fan of the real thing
- the 1940s noir film -
the term 'neo-noir ' has been so often used inappropriately in the last ten year
the casting is perfect all around
-- disappointingly --
and new `` clue '' is truly ridiculous and impossible to follow .
that it is so astonishingly bad ,
that it was not captured in a more technically perfect film format .
the gorgeous italian villa effect on its inhabitant would have rendered even more lushly and the small lovely moment would be even more beautifully seen and heard .
it more often.the casting is perfect ,
the mood is perfect ,
not bad acting .
too cheap even for the seventy .
but the great scene and idea - like the death of sol ,
the `` furniture '' - outweigh the shortcoming of this film.8/10 .
but sadly here too all of them appears those ainless
great flesh show and tempting promos alway gives such film a great initial .
i call it a pathetic taste .
or something.there were a grand total of two really really funny scene in this movie .
rudely pushed along by a stupid soundtrack ,
the two really really funny scene
great .
sleazy to great effect.harrowing excitement in a train-wreck sort of way .
book etc concentrate so much on manson 's insane mind rather than the overall picture of the cheap fame and randomness
you want to see some of the best `` method-acting '' on film
not just for the sake of giving us cheap thrill .
the kid always are picking on the poor kid .
the film.this is a great kid film .
no this is a great film
but a great film none the less .
it unfolds like all of those great book you loved as a kid
watching it i felt i was reading a great book ,
i loved
scary and funny all at the same time .
have twist as thing get dark one second and then funny the next .
but rarely is .
is best described as a hamster in a tunic
however most kind of keep you from being completely happy with the movie.i really loved this movie .
it would have been my favorite film of all time .
its a great trip .
'raja babu ' is one of my most favorite character .
also where shakti kapoor narrates a corny story of raja babu 's affair on a dinner table and govinda wearing 'dharam-veer ' uniform makes sentimental remark .
that my favorite scene of the film .
'achcha pitaji to main chalta hoon ' scene is just chemistry between two great indian actor doing a comical scene with no dialog .
coolie no 1 ' precede this gem of a film .
7/10 .
in case you are a self-acclaimed connoisseur of cult cinema and/or bad movie-making ,
as this is one of the most notoriously awful
is that `` attack of the killer tomato '' is deliberately awful .
right from the opening message already
is quite original and funny .
unstructured and insufferably amateurish mess .
the quality level of the joke goes from fresh and inventive toward embarrassing and downright not funny
but the ending was not a disappointment either.i think
what was unexpected was that the two of them got back together sort of at the end.loved the score for some of the scene .
highly recommended.10/10quality :
9/10entertainment :
10/10replayable :
10/10
will do it a great deal more justice .
if they had thrown a wonderful love story into the mix .
it is absolutely among the best i have ever seen .
to combine the best aspect of multiple genre ,
is nothing short of fantastic .
highly recommended
10/10 .
after a series of unbelievably bad-made shooting scene and more stereotype line ,
do not see this waste of film roll .
this film was very funny
and all day they have had the same fundamantal problem.they do not believe in firearm .
at least in the movies.they kill the second dinoaur with a bomb - made from a gourd filled with gunpowder and gemstone .
the lead character in this movie fall into two category : smart and stupid .
( but endearingly ) stupid
life will never be boring ,
the czech republic certainly has produced more than its share of superb entertainment .
the best czech movie i have seen are :
you have seen the absolute best of czech cinema .
little more than training film quality with poor camera work
and he is supported by a solid group of professional
who do their best with thin gruel .
his unique voice is perfect for the role .
surprisingly
who are excellent .
but he is not bad
`` hamlet '' is still immensely enjoyable to just sit
and listen to the actor deliver the illiant dialogue and excellent acting.this is a must see for anyone and everyone .
horrible thing happen to person in most child 's book .
it was a great film .
highly recommended .
this movie was a mess .
poorly directed
poorly acted
poorly edited ,
the fake accent were terrible ,
we sat through this lame waste of time
should have just gone to bed.absolutely no redeeming quality to this movie ,
avoid this at all cost .
kurt russell is at his best as the man
robin william is his polar opposite in a rare low key performance as jack dundee .
loved the movie .
for me ms. davis ' very poor attempt at an accent ,
would have enjoyed it much more.i guess
that it is another tearjerker with great star in the lead of tragic
ossessione as his debut once censored and once cherished as nearly a realistic masterpiece is still loved by some person
in spite of terrible consequence
the indefatigable desire of beautiful giovanna
where gino meets a beautiful girl ,
( perfect girl ) ,
singing his favorite opera song after sort of karaoke performance.in sum ,
is the film against bad marriage ?
ossessione is really a wonderfully realistic film
one of visconti 's best 8/10
but only to a point.boring sex scene
bad plot ,
that border on the ridiculous .
do not waste your time .
if her death would be such a terrible loss for poor oliver
but it is one of the worst of the 70 's .
but with much worse acting .
terrible acting- so bad
poor script -
but this was not the best way
ridiculously bad ending- in some case the ending manage to save the film-not in this case .
this is the worst film
this was a very boring
all the actor in this movie are awful
but too much time was focused on gina phillip and her ridiculous encounter with raven and duilio marzio .
who plays the ultra-bland love interest to gina phillip .
but even she was not that great in this .
that this is one of the worst movie i have ever seen !
this was very well done even by today 's standards.8/10 .
certainly nomad has some of the best horse riding scene
that `` look '' great .
a true travesty.the most shameful aspect is that this could have been a really fantastic film
unfortunately
and took the cheap
it is worth watching simply for the amazing cinematography work .
this obvious pilot for an unproduced tv series features young canadian actress shiri appleby as an amnesiac with some pretty incredible power
but he can do nothing to elevate this dreck above the mediocre level .
a bad sign .
are actually laughable .
they are a bad copy of similar scene in several other movie
this may not be one of the best movie
but overall it is a very enjoyable
highly recommended for it is feel-good factor alone .
but his singing is a great redeeming feature and the song fit
in perfectly with the romantic atmosphere of the film .
the only thing great about the movie is its title .
that is pure popcorn fun
that horrible roy liotta movie
this is how bad soap is .
soap would be just another unforgettable cheap b-grade summer movie .
see him at summerslam instead of waste your money on a snake !
i avoided watching this film for the longest time .
`` it was so great
i loved it !
what a great movie.where to start ?
jame cameron does a superb job
are excellent - winslet 's being the superior ,
they had their rich girl/poor boy character down to a perfect `` t '' i thought .
she was perfect as the snobby aristocrat ,
this is truly an excellent movie .
it would have been so much more impressive.9/10
and if you lot of reviewer enjoyed this rubbish ... .well
out loud `` what a waste of time '' and i turned to them
he was short changed by a poor script
this refreshing fairy tale fantasy has a fun and delightful undercurrent of adult cynical wit
this luscious romantic fairy tail has a great storytelling feel and the strong magic and the fine balance between serious adventure scene and the lighter spiritual humor is well done .
photographed and edited the movie with incredible sensibility and perfect timing.if
nature and art ... do not miss this fantastic film !
i do not think it is terrible ,
but the plot is it kind of flimsy at best .
i read somewhere or lot of re-shoot was not bad
since their excellent yet not much person have seen `` the edge . ''
now pick up that excellent film for some real entertainment .
this movie was just awful ,
pacino proves to be one of the greatest of his generation .
then it would have been really fantastic.the main problem here
as though it would sound funny coming from the mouth of a spatula.this
unfortunately
who in just five minute of screen time makes such an indelible impression to hang the bad-vibes of the picture on ?
some of the plot is a little weak
it still works on its limited term as a what-will-happen-next mystery-southern-noir .
fascinating movie ,
some may find the film boring or dry ,
cypher is a cheap
dull movie ,
set in a poorly realised bland futureworld
and a laughable ending.an eerie sense
that combines the worst of bond with a duran duran video.it is painfully obvious
sub philip k dick future noir thriller strife for a much oader scope
than its modest budget will allow.cool blue moodiness served up with po-faced seriousness - disappointingly dumb .
terrible and awful
and that is not saying a lot for that movie either.the acting is lousy
not just for the plot and superb acting ,
because of all the bad comment
the only part i hated about the tooth ferry was the 2 red neck other at the gas station.they were funny
worse movie then this one .
but i was not ticked off or wanting a refund
unfortunately
with her sexual victimization a great bit of characterization .
not very funny
predictable
there is the boring
giving stiller another notch in his boring ,
an annoying daredevil australian guy
with every plot turn as predictable
this film may have been dreadful ,
it was not made that way ... .it is an extremely enjoyable film ,
all of the actor are obviously having fun
that this is a fun film .
which added to the fun aspect .
ron ely looks great in this film
and is the perfect choice to play doc .
you will spend 100 minute in a most enjoyable manner .
troubled and fascinating main character
do not waste your time watching this movie .
to create such a bad movie .
and branagh does not concern himself with such textural subtlety as the ambiguous nature of hamlet and olphelia 's relationship ,
does allow branagh to indulge in his favorite cinematic pastime :
i leaned over to my companion and snickered `` great moment with mr .
branagh saves the funniest and most tasteless moment for last ,
was that it was so off-the-wall funny.while this film
alec guiness energetically leads a wonderful cast in a jolly ,
of inventing the perfect everyday product .
and looks like the director was on a bad acid trip
it is that awful !
normally i try to avoid sci-fi movie as much as i can ,
but their time traveling machine does not work perfectly yet
the acting is amazing too .
because together with the amazing story ,
which was not bad ,
i give it a 9/10
maybe even a 9.5/10 .
the sopranos was probably the last best show
its was the best show on hbo if not on tv ,
the cast was excellent .
is a great actor
and played his character excellent
that it has the best ending to any movie .
it is a perfect ending .
too bad we have to go overseas for a gem like this one ,
daring and the music is very good.the movie moonwalker was meant to coincide with the album bad
.i have bad.it is excellent
and badder is good too
( badder is a music video parody of the music video for bad the single )
the cinematography was excellent
stanley baker was excellent as the hardened detective
it was a really excellent film
that tried to show some of the social problem britain experienced after the war.highly recommended .
the sceenplay was predictable down to the very last scene and the dialog tedious .
as it did.perhaps the most disappointing aspect was the monster .
all by candlelight ... this is actually embarrassing to watch-the most incredible bit is when werner 's captain wust gain 's an audience alone with skoda 's hitler
the final second 's of the movie show hitler 's funeral pyre smoke slowly forming into a ghostly image of the face of the dead oskar werner/hauptmann wust-this film is more allegorical than historical and anyone interested in this period would do better to check out more recent film 's such as the 1973 remake `` hitler : the last 10 day 's '' or the german film `` downfall ''
rarely in this generation do person think of the struggling side of chicago
the best african american sitcom of all time and `` all in the family '' the greatest show of all time .
and some wonderful acting especially by the matriarch and patriarch of this struggling ghetto family
j.j. gets annoying ,
but the government does not consider her family poor
which is unfairly but unfortunately legally over the poverty line .
but florida is a person of great moral character
and avoid the social stigma of welfare .
i was too young to understand the message of the sitcom as a toddler in the 70s in its first airing on cbs ,
this movie was not only bad
but had nothing to do with the book.i loved the book
i was so disappointed
did not even exist.my suggestion is do not waste your time or money ! !
is forgettable in the cop/estranged-husband/loving-father-of-cute-little-blond-girl role .
unfortunately
the directing rarely goes bad enough
by being in such a lame
very poor effort
but can not save the poor structure
such character are pointless.nothing to see here ,
beautiful ant island
it is exceedingly enjoyable watching these bug on-screen ,
wonderfully suspenseful and riveting situation and overall a dazzling movie .
this is still a superb movie ,
it is not quite the best
if this is not the best animated feature of 1998.8.5/10
or an eventual separation by mean of jealousy
not in speech inflection but in overall essence.but the worst part of it is shearer herself .
that unfortunately gets mired down in its own pretentiousness
willem dafoe is superb as a nyc detective
never dull .
the film 's ending is particularly disappointing .
to make this film enjoyable.however ,
and the book was dreadful .
there is an mst3k episode featuring this flick ,
how bad it is ?
and stops the music whenever a stupid joke or one liner appears .
that stupid comedy
is not three stooge stupid comedy ?
'87 was very young and attractive and performed one of her best role in a long career in hollywood .
davis and brent made a great couple ,
one suppose to be very rich and the other a very poor reporter .
holy sh*t this was god awful .
i am.this comment was one-hundred time more fun than pretending to watch this daym movie .
the discussion about this throughout the course of the movie were fascinating ,
it is pretty slow and pretty poorly acted .
is that it produces two `` bad guy ''
and makes it so the `` bad guy ''
and it fails.. he keeps decrementing the year by 10 ,
( now that is funny )
this is one of the most embarrassingly bad film
the most bizarre aspect of the movie are how it weaves such bad caricature of national and racial stereotype into a convoluted attempt
the continuity/editing is poor enough to induce cringing ,
even worse than that ,
because the script is so bad .
( so funny my fellow audience member
( which is funniest of all
because the female lead is so poor at standing
.the best shot are the early one on the beach
like they had have to see this lame attempt at movie-making on their account .
the movie overall is bad enough to be funny ,
and that is about the best thing i can say for it .
the story is horrible ,
the acting is terrible
( equally horrible )
featuring two great actor
but makes the solid point
addition of albert einstein and his band of geniuse provides excellent comic relief .
not great ,
and way too boring ,
- all *greatly* enhanced by the strong
and is herself shot in the mess .
each of the actor in this strong but emotionally acrid film gives superb performance ,
a stupid rich guy circa about 1800 wants to visit a nearby mental asylum
it is amazing how dull
the film is amazingly lifeless in many place
it sure is hard to imagine making it boring ,
who made this cheap exploitational film
i am a great admirerof the dalai lama .
from the ridiculous rivalry for a tibetan woman
everything about this movie is false - exceptfor the amazing photography .
a less than perfect duo made up of a meercat
my favorite is the sing-along
to avoid a hot tub with a warthog .
this film was a disappointment
a bad script .
the plot was stupid
and also the ending is a lot better.. and best of all ,
as i did with this one.. this just seems to be one of those `` i like that movie so i am gon na re-make it in my own really bad version '' kinda movie.. oh and one more thing ... lordi.. in a horror movie ...
a modest sea story at best.distributed for television thru allied artist
striking b/w print for television was also cheaper ,
it is actually one of my least favorite of the director 's film .
even the worst miike is better than a good many film
and the great yokai war has a lot
it is at least as loud and obnoxious as most american kiddie flick .
and it looks fantastic .
i especially liked the look of one of the bad guy
most horror movie are in fact horrible movie .
same ol ' pack every minute with some cheap thrill
and nearly got dizzy viewing ridiculous special effect every second .
it grew roots.subtlety can be more terrifying .
after flipping through the usual 987 channel of very bad television i stopped to watch it .
it could have cheapened the mood
this is how a really great horror film should be .
and it is a terrible shame
the beautiful and so sexy zarabeth
good film with a great
beautifully filmed and acted .
that i anticipated would offer a phenomenal performance from meryl streep and a solid
that aside from streep 's best actress nomination
the movie never even comes close to laughable .
it is subtle and realistic ,
when they were made to look so terrible by the medium .
i loved the way
was by no mean made to be sympathetic ,
to hold their views.the final line of the film is very profound and captures perfectly the central element
meryl streep 's best performance .
i find this to be one of streep 's more subtle performance ,
is a perfect counterpoint to streep 's performance .
i loved it .
that jesus enjoyed the simple pleasure of playing game and joke with his disciples.also
inxs was the best music tv series i have ever watched !
it had some of the greatest rock n ' roll song ever written ,
one of the greatest rock n ' roll bands ever just added to the emotional tension
created by this wonderful reality series .
inxs the dvd is a great alternative .
that aag is the worst bollywood film ever made ,
not just blame the director here ,
that the flame burning off the cigarette would add to that much needed light in every scene .
to promote a new beginning and dimension to the re-make of india 's most loved movie of all time
do not be stupid ,
nothing is modulated or subtle
particularly a laughable subplot about a ex-dancer returning to the theater and butting head with old-flame dougla .
they remain as boring
( 12/10/31 )
there is not one decent scene.amy adams gives one of the worst performance of all time .
the two other girl are terrible
you can not beat 'em ? lame.the
one of the reason sebastian wanted kathryn so bad ,
making it not only stupid
pointless ,
they go into a lame offscreen threesome .
stupid .
while kathryn and virgin girl turned evil lesbian in lame sudden plot twist sit in the front
all it took to make little sebastian bad
this movie was a stupid piece of crap .
bad everything .
it is not worth messing with .
even the shooting was bad - in one scene
and numerous ridiculous difficult situation in a so-called little hospital ,
what is worse ,
not just for its ending.this little gem reward patience and thoughtfulness .
that is the worse
it is truly truly awful ,
who lived through these wonderfully heady and fantastic day .
burtynsky 's work has the great value
-- the waste had a threatening air about it ,
who believe in this ridiculousness
there is also the bad acting
bad writing ,
and bad `` special effect '' .
they are just all around terrible
terrible movie .
this was one of the dumbest movie
its too bad
the acting was so bad
aimed to make german feel `` bad '' for not welcoming each and every degenerate in their country
bad .
bad .
bad .
a lame plot with dirty joke .
it is grotesuque and awful .
do not waste time and money
we were amazed by in lethal weapon 4. unfortunately
as he flies through the air for 4 second and 9 kick.too cartoonish and very disappointing .
but it is not so awful as `` trouble every day '' or `` j'ai pas sommeil .
and i have always been disappointed .
but the dialogue in a denis movie rarely amounts to more than five page
'' it is just dull .
playing an obnoxious
-- which is funny only
the pomposity of the moment is insulting to the point
if poorly cast
but the best bonfire can muster is desperation .
it was a great movie .
there are no long and boring conversation of this
a perfect match of music and image
the precise visual and musical arrangement give the lie to its claim
among the very best music film ever made ,
these cat are solid gone
there is enough film noir element
to consider it a noir movie ,
and that is where the noir element fail .
if the human trafficking was actually played out.that lack of depth is what fails the movie in the end.the story is decent ,
what an awful thing !
( see the terrible use of music and picture here )
avoid doing the same with your movie !
is very bad .
where annoying kid wait to get their body
but do not let the poor theatric spoil your appreciation for this demented mormon universe
boring .
how terrible their life are and how they have no hope ,
boring ! ! !
i found the woman annoying
the duologue tedious
that some person might have enjoyed this flick ,
as to avoid renting another movie i regret seeing .
we are talking some of the worst makeup ever captured on film here .
that is how bad it is.from here on in it does not get much better .
minute are wasted as the scenery chewing male actor waffle on about daniela and her condition or something
but the dialogue is so bad
.the funny thing is daniela is not even a werewolf ,
and she only wants to be loved !
i mean.okay as a time-waster
if you happen to catch it on cable here in the great white north
that bad film do exist .
was covered on a ktma mst3k .
from it is a wonderful life.zero is married to ida kaminsky and the two of them belong to a special class of elderly jewish poor in new york .
this film is really bad ... ... .
no i mean really really bad .
tony scott is a terrible director .
that he is one of the worse director of all time .
because of the terrible story and look of it .
i just can not feel for her in film.all in all this film is bad .
that it ... ... . 1/10 ... ... .j.d seaton
and the man in the white suit is one of the best .
and the bluntly ruthless ernest thesinger - put in wonderful performance .
guinness - as always and forever - is superb ,
i first saw this movie on mst3k .
this movie was all that bad .
when i viewed the non-mst3k version
that are funny ,
but it was a severe disappointment .
lupe valdez is great ,
who is at best a self-centered ,
the reaction of `` the public '' are poorly thought-out and unbelievable ,
making the `` shenanigan '' seem like contrivance of a bad writer .
to mr. t. the voice were great ,
i too was robbed of this great show by a `` friend ''
to see how crappy his film could become.this particular movie was a complete and utter waste of time to see.my first complaint was the cover of the dvd
and was quite comical.the fight scene in the film were horrible.half the time
this is seagal worst film to date
and seems to be getting worse with every performance .
kathryn grayson did not do too badly with this either.loui b. mayer had lent gene kelly out to columbia
one of my favorite sinatra number comes from anchor aweigh
it is sinatra at his best .
my only disappointment in anchor aweigh was that pamela britton ,
it might still be.anchor aweigh is a great example of why musical just are not made any more .
that this is a very enjoyable movie for child
and the `` actor '' are funny in a cute way ,
fluffy big cat with those funny tooth .
which was a small disappointment for me
but a great thing for child .
if you do not hate cute animal making funny thing ,
unfortunately for me i found myself watching this one alone .
that it was a waste not to watch it .
and i was impressed at how absolutely terrible this movie is.now
i love bad movie quite a bit ,
that he had put that stupid sword down and let someone kill him !
he has less redeeming quality than the villain do .
if you love bad movie
this movie is one of my favorite
( cheap )
but they both did an excellent job with their character ,
who both have had some bad luck in life
but who will make the best out of it together.all in all this is a powerful movie with a very fine script and some excellent acting .
i have soon become one of its greatest admirer .
i give this movie an 8/10 .
one of the most important and enjoyable greek film i have seen in the last ten years..excellent performance
( especially yiannis zouganelis is great )
which deserves our attention and belong to that rare category of greek movie
it too falls on its face and its weirdness becomes oddly dull.it has a strange enough set-up and already irreverent style
and we are followed in a long tracking shot- maybe the best or just most curious-
that is not fascinating to *look* at
are pretty bad
this one and `` her pilgrim soul '' are two of my favorite episode in this new version of twilight zone .
i could name plenty of funny movie .
that set out to be funny ,
but end up funny .
that is desperately trying to be funny ,
but could not be less funny
it is anti-funny.i do not think
it is simply unfunny .
it is boring
stupid
annoying
mind-bogglingly bad
but not funny .
so funny as tucker in there is something about mary ,
is outrageously bad here .
this film might not be as bad as battlefield earth ,
i totally loved the movie .
it had it is funny moment ,
sitting in front of flower arrangement in hotel room and the pompous ,
the only redeeming aspect of this `` the untold story of freddy mercury ''
instead delivering a tedious montage of politely clean and vastly empty comment about an enigmatic and illiant rock legend ,
this is one of the best movie i
definitely jude law 's best performance .
the cinematography is excellent ,
and includes a great original score
definitely a best picture nominee in my book .
he is by far one of the worst actor i
do not waste your time watching this film .
you have done a wonderful job tricking person
martin sheen is excellent ,
he too provides excellent support .
vic morrow as the villain is superb.when sheen `` tests the water '' in his '34 ford
the ending is grand.i am disappointed in the low vote this received .
an excellent film for those into period dramas
the auteur 's euphemistic chess play metaphor for orgasmic delight is an indication of the subtle wit behind the film .
you can get much worse then this .
put together bad actor
and three stupid story and what do you get ?
this b-rate pointless excuse for a movie.the first story immediately shows
the bad video quality and the acting is just really pathetic ,
`` you look great ! ''
the werewolf in this one was the best one out of all three i would say ,
since it was all bad costume .
the face on the woman later was decent enough for halloween but not for a werewolf movie.the more story you go through the worse
who are completely retarded its ridiculous .
almost forty five minute of running and boring narration make up this story and the whole switch thing
boring ! music
bad ...
was stupid .
which was stupid .
laughable plotting and an irresistible 80 's cheese-atmosphere
this movie is hilariously bad !
`` splatter university '' is easily one of the worst horror-turkeys ever .
then jarvis 's buddy troubador is playing some stupid song on his guitar .
its to puzzling and to poor to .
this was the worst film i have ever seen since the 90 's version of lord of the fly .
contains virtually nary a genuinely funny moment
all the more it leaves one disappointed.vaughn plays fred
underneath the bad fat suit
but unfortunately
but his turn usually end as unfunnily vapid.ultimately ,
`` fred claus '' becomes a forgettable film
there are worse way to start the season at the cinema ,
that were not bad enough ,
this film is very dated and boring .
when this awful movie was made ,
and even with his ridiculous wig he still looked like a paedophile chasing
i rarely comment on film
poorly acted ,
badly shot and the story felt
is it is a terrible film ,
the content is poor and offensive ,
i loved
but why the hell i would want to waste my time
i was expecting a bad movie ,
it was not a fun bad movie though .
but the acting is just awful .
my least favorite character is the guy
he is supposed to be funny and amusing ,
the funniest moment of the movie is when our heroine kills the lady in the parking garage
do not waste your time or money on this .
there are some great philosophical question .
and why do they make movie this bad ? ? ?
too bad it did not happen that way .
just how bad it could get .
the last line is the crowning stupidity of the whole dopey ,
all reflect something about the weakness and uncertainty of urbanised homo sapien in the latter 20th century ,
burt reynold is wonderful in this movie as the gung-ho and almost fatally over-confident survivalist
this is simply a great quartet of actor .
for those that enjoyed ( ? )
are all the poorer for this .
not just the bland
he jokes about it getting great laugh .
the toy is about the lamest
this is a waste of any movie watcher 's time !
has to be one of the worst waste of 35mm movie film ever unleashed on the public
bad script
worse acting
quality dvd edition of this wonderfully shudder-inducing supernatural classic ,
the acting in it and the plot was just so great .
but it is very easily over looked.antonio sabbato jr did an excellent role in this movie along with janine turner and robert wagner .
and it too kicked was great .
that all these bad made for tv movie out there with low budget
should not suck so bad.watch it .
just beautiful
just a wonderful film in so many ways.the cast are also fantasic ... .. a great selection of the finest british talent around .
i loved them all for every diverse element ought into the film.italy has to be one of the most romantic place
was the most amazing movie i
that it was one of the best movie i
nothing is perfect .
why he is one of my favorite actor in this very interesting look at a darker side of hollywood .
who loves visual imagery will enjoy the depiction of the afterworld.my favorite movie remains `` odd man out ''
but this one is superb .
it was great to see mary and rho together ,
this may not be the mary tyler moore show at its best
-- but it is a pretty damned good look back at one of the best shows
a great film
the movie is incredibly stupid
not only is the plot completely stupid ,
the lady ghost is more funny than anything ,
outside of `` bright future '' this is the worst movie
that early grayce and adele corner are poor white trailer park trash .
at first the couple does not seem to be that bad after all
brad pitt is incredible as early grayce .
his performance in this movie may well be his best ever .
i reward this movie with an 8/10 .
it was pretty bad .
but was a mediocre actor at best ;
to bad .
the story itself was mostly annoyingly predictable .
but i disliked it a great deal .
beautiful friendship film .
this is a great film
to watch with your best girlfriend .
unlike some other cheap and failed movie
funny throughout.-spoiler follow-first of all
is messed up .
all in all it is very predictable .
the second worst thing is the `` special effect . ''
( although the one in the cave is probably the worst one in the whole movie . )
these thing are funny to watch
they were not the greatest ,
she had a bad run-in with some white-face.the script is bad and cheesy .
but it is actually not too bad for the most part.the bottom line is do not watch it unless you want to see it
because you hear it is bad
although the only funny thing are the bad cg effect .
do not waste your time and money .
'baptist at our barbecue ' is the best film ever made .
pretentious and boring hunk of junk i guess
based on the very poor and inexperienced direction of christian vuissa
and sort of anti-every other religion message .
and being so nice and perfect ,
it shows how beautiful mormon are and how cold-hearted and ignorant baptist are ,
instead of showing a little solidarity like would be appropriate and realistic .
was awful also .
who always gives him the best advice on thing
to make the situation even more of a pathetic clich\u00e9 ,
tartan buys the poor
near-perfect ) ;
( excellent ) ;
( great ) ; b
( disappointing ) ;
( bad ) ;
( very bad ) ;
( not one redeeming quality in this hunk of hollywood fece ) .
this show is beautifully done .
when the tragic death of the fantastically funny john ritter accrued .
a fantastic actor with the talent
it reminded me that no matter what horrible thing i say to my dad ,
great show
she sets a bad example of how a person should treat a person
so many person in bad relationship ,
one of my most enjoyable viewing experience ever !
it chronicles the san francisco bay area artist and creative talent responsible for the some of the best film ever made .
you will not be disappointed .
and generally just having fun.seeing
it now as an adult i can not imagine why i loved this so much .
what saves this are some truly funny line and wonderful performance by sole and woronov
who will probably find it silly but fun .
the two lead are perfectly cast
poorly filmed 16mm stag film ,
where the best and most attractive performer is a german shepherd ?
avoid this travesty at all cost .
since bestiality remains a taboo and illegal subject in the usa .
sinatra 's `` i fall in love too easily '' is an indication of his then and future best .
kelly certainly earned his nomination as best actor .
and there is a bushel of truly funny line
a thoroughly enjoyable movie
it is even worse then i thought .
by being just plain awful .
fails miserably .
but it just ended up being plain funny and sometimes a bit sad .
it will offer you the same amount of fun.. i promise
the movie is wonderful .
this is a rare treasure !
a bit too predictable maybe ,
jake gyllenhaal delivers a great performance
not bad at all !
is very colorful and looks great on dvd .
his rhyme are fun to hear.i saw this in the theater ,
exceptionally horrible tale
the best part of the movie was when one of the murder victim turns up at the end
all of the beautiful rock landscaping has been removed ,
that the great person of oklahoma donated to these person
that thing are not so picture perfect in his own .
dan in real life is amazing at capturing these irony of everyday life
to help her avoid awkward situation ...
the movie only falls short in some of the predictable outcome ,
of watching all the funny subtlety
lage raho munnabhai is really a disappointing movie .
but this one really make u bore n disappoint u ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... this movie really waste yours time and money .
the idea of mahatma is also not define and confusing ... ... ... ... ... ... a really very big disappointment
claire denis ' chocolat is a beautifully photographed and emotionally resonant tone poem
katie cassidy did an amazing job with her character ,
i completely enjoyed the film ,
a great message lies within the film .
was not bad ,
it was rather lame. ,
they were not horribly bad ,
but it failed totally.much of the blame for this disaster was put on special effect.do not believe it ,
appleby was not the best choice for this endeavor .
it is just too bad
perfectly preserved in a large chunk of ice .
and goes on the expected stomping around the city rampage.the sublimely stupid dialogue
( the horrendous transparent blue screen work and cruddy tonka toy miniature are especially uproarious in their very jaw-dropping awfulness ) ,
ethical debate all combine together to create one of the single most delightfully ridiculous giant monster flick to ever roar its absurd way
we also have a few funky offbeat touch
that it is going to be a laughable blaxploitation flick ,
richard pryor and the underused billy dee william faring best .
the location are great ,
the effect and action are weak .
not a bad joke .
this film is so ridiculously idiot
1/10
when it came out - nothing special but competent enough and with an excellent supporting performance from ed harris .
that is probably best
all the production money went for great old car .
poorly written and directed.my dvd says
my old impression was that the series was great ,
because it runs on an amazing premise.this series value far surpasses
`` stargate sg-1 '' kept offering great adventure throughout the 10 year ,
but the last episode feature some great replicator moment .
although the first few episode of the 10th season are a little weak ,
it made for so many great episode of the ongoing conflict
that the change of nature of the show still worked and shows how great and bold the writer were.even tough i believe
the person involved were all great professional
that i enjoyed everything ,
i was however mistaken in the best possible way .
combining the essentially action driven adrenaline scene with a great concept
an amazing narrative
makes use of some immaculate scenery and camera-work comparable to many great samurai film of our day ,
with great acting
great music
its not cheap thrill horror ,
this film to me is a unique and amazing one ,
it is all in all a solidly great film .
unfortunately
the acting is spotty at best .
even genre favorite helga line gives a disappointing performance .
its main function seems to be to hold the string of dull sex scene together .
3/10 is about the best i can do .
horrible
bad
gut wrenchingly bad
it into the realm of bad comedy are its unwittingly ill-placed-out-of-the-norm moment
which just drew pitiful giggle at its sheer stupidity ,
but leaves a bad aftertaste
unfortunately forbidden siren belonged more to the latter.the saving grace will be its cinematography with its use of light
so better to avoid this .
the music is the best you may ever hear by any human ,
that is too small to understand greatness .
but this is just too funny to pass .
if only every movie could be this funny .
it should be called `` 107 minute of the most incredible comedy '' murphy is a comic genius in this film
as ray 's character is violating poor pium zadora with a plastic garden hose sprinkler .
this movie is so bad
though it becomes funny
how badly pium 's character is freaking out .
the wardrobe and set was surprisingly good .
and rarely come
the worst thing
i too wasted .99 cent on this dud.dud.dud .
but rather fun and light .
predictable
that curiosity got the best of me .
i could have saved myself the most pointless one hour and forty minute in my entire life
they have seen a really bad movie ;
what a piece of stupid tripe.i will not even waste time
the movie is not exactly `` funny .
but not funny.the plot and acting are pretty good.but erika eleniak definitely steals the show .
it is a funny ,
this movie is excellent
and it was great back then .
yesterday i have found it to be amazing.a good blend of comedy
( although not as great as `` mr magoo '' -another one of my favorite ) and action .
this deserves 10/10 and i am hoping
i found it to be my solemn duty to talk about the worst movie i
of what is the worst movie ,
my previous choice was the worst movie ever ,
and those were hardly great feat of a young genius .
( it looks like it was shot on a bad camcorder ,
although it is surprisingly clear ) ,
and pathetic do not scratch the surface ) ,
as well as just generally bad movie feeling .
i was reminded of some bad high school play
it is almost ironic that i do a pathetic job
describing a pathetic excuse for a movie .
the worst part is that the filmmaker stop
this film is at best a high-ow jackass stunt and not a documentary .
this was an excellent 2-part episode ,
from fun to serious
.10/10
i intentionally avoided reading any of the review .
that i was disappointed .
i enjoyed the development of the main character mike enslin .
i also enjoyed how the hotel manager attempted to talk him out of entering the hotel room .
the subtleness is quickly replaced by the predictable shotgun approach ...
great .
messing up the room
that it is one of the best horror movie ever ?
it was done on a cheap budget .
the producer were to cheap
the 'bellini ' is one of the funniest scene
and could have made this a masterpiece overall 71/2/10
the beautiful and resourceful co bao
even the violence becomes numbingly predictable .
as if it was the greatest movie of all-time ,
it has became one of the best budget films in china for this year .
with this lame script
unfortunately this movie was a big disappointment .
the acting of all the party was bad except for mr. lundgren ,
to look at despite her ridiculous outfit and make-up.the plot is not at all clever ,
but unfortunately this is not even decent action .
every turn in the plot is extremely predictable
but only if nothing else is available.1/10 .
the booth is actually kinda predictable
that is not necessarily a bad thing
but is so beautifully crafted on every level
and this is when travolta actually played in good dramatic movie like saturday night fever instead of playing stereotypical bad guy/good guy in big budget movie .
maybe that contributed to their bad marriage .
-- she was not that bad and had money .
or why bud and sissy had such stupid friend like marshall and jessie
but part of the fun of urban cowboy is making fun of it a little bit
because it had a greater story to tell.some
stardust is most definitely the most wonderful fantasy spectacle of the 2000 's as well as the 1990 's .
hilarious and equipped with wonderful imagery as well as unforgettable character
from the first ten minute of the film you know perfectly well
this movie has great style
fantastic visual and hot sex scene with a beautiful woman .
bleak and utal and at the same time beautiful in the old tradition of tragic beauty.plot :
and the drunken woman is semi-amusing in a creepy way.a 2/10 .
in the middle of this a pair of lover become infected.technically superb horror comedy
there is an internal logic rare in these film.7ish out of 10 for those
so do not waste money or time on this one ,
i have wasted time and money on this
( rare for a film nowadays )
die in the most horrible way possible.i spend ten more minute of my life saving you from a very poor 100 minute of your .
especially when it changes from hyper-funny to honest and serious .
and it is doing great.too bad
that takes a lot of fun out of it .
but i do feel compelled to defend this gem against those
it either charge through your funny bone at 60,000 volt
the time.this show has some of britain 's best comic actor put together in a story
the dialogue and visual comedy is beautifully delivered and the two lead
are superb together .
you will not be disappointed
and found it to be fascinating .
what a bad choice ''
the plot is a little weak in demostrating his conversion from trapper to animal coservationist .
highly recommended .
in a poor village in mexico
they struggle to survival with the expectation of the acknowledgement letter from the government ,
that is reality in the poor country .
i have loved all of cream 's work ,
with the great arrangement of classic blue song as well as their own .
badge
if you want to see what were the best show
cold and bad weather than finnish man .
the bad guy is john litghow
the is placed in beautiful place
as he rockets around the halfway desolate wasteland .
as a new movie albeit filmed in a lackluster manner with bad actor and lousy stunt work.why is wof set in a post-apocalyptic wasteland ?
driven by bad guy
inevitably all car chase will happen near convenient cliff side and car will unavoidably fall off of them .
along with this 80 's cinematic wild ride is the general rampant misogyny in this style of cheapie film .
badly choreographed action coupled with bad acting
a poor road warrior knock off
it is not that he is at all a bad actor ,
but aside from being great at looking awkward and tense
who could pull it off with more subtlety and affecting personality .
( winter and dougla do this the best ,
the ealing studio produced a wonderful little film along the same idea.after a child 's prank ,
withdrawing from london and the rest of great britain
these actor are well aided as well by a superb little script with some cracking line .
the story is always fun
but the execution is horrible .
there are great
while it is not as bad or pointless as the dancing or the plot in something like orgy of the dead ,
the cinematography was amazing .
this movie is insatiably bad and silly .
oh my go ... and worst than all of that !
there is a worse than that .
awful !
awful !
awful !
( insert your favorite zombie
that i have seen a worse film than this .
the real story of foster is a fascinating one .
what did they have on the great ray middleton
what a waste of a great talent.so
and the character revelation and quirk are subtle and enjoyable .
only to be disappointed the next day
dark yet fun
and enjoy this gem
it is fun .
unpretentious fun .
i was disappointed ,
to get to a conclusion of this god awful film .
badly directed ,
my only good opinion of this is that i did not waste money on it ,
carnosaur 3 is bad ... awfully bad .
bad to the point
where it is funny .
even the cover is bad !
the special effect are absolutely ridiculous .
those `` carnosaur '' are really ridiculous .
and the explosion are funny
and the other explosion are also laughable .
but the worst thing is the screenplay and the so-called story .
tell it to the writer of this awful ,
awful piece of crap .
what sick human being would make cheap joke
this movie is incredibly dull .
( who invented this lame name anyway ? )
( in boring action sequence
( in incredibly funny scene
( another laughable action sequence ) .
( with a few lame joke
in another ridiculous scene .
the famed reunion scene could have been a lot duller with less-quality actor involved .
make this one of the best performance i have ever seen of any actor in any role ,
matthau and burn work excellently together ;
the contrast they portray accentuates simon 's superb knack
fluegel is a great female lead ;
and just have fun throwing credibility out the window .
`` bulletproof '' is good fun for the action fan
and just enjoying a generous assortment of violence and humor.7/10
if you are a fan of really bad movie ,
there funny ,
you will the great acting of shaq .
shaq had to of been the worst actor
who also made a few bad movie .
well any way this movie is also bad due to the hideous kid .
this movie is so awful ,
at first the story is so ridiculous.a narrow-minded human can write a better plot !
the actor are boring and untalented ,
because i paid for this lousy picture.hopefully
nobody makes a sequel or make a similar film with such a worse storyline :
and two bickering couple might be his next source of protein in this bargain basement friday the 13th-clone cheapie .
the killing are surprisingly sparse
well were both distressed by its poor rating
aside from the seemingly poor direction
now termed 'mass-driver ' may be viewed as ridiculous
-- -so he concentrated on what he could manage.the true power of this greatest of cinema rest in 'john cabal 's ' final statement of human destiny --
-anything you may consider 'great ' --
i note many have commented on the poor 'media-quality ' of 'surviving ' example .
who sadly noted
that it should not be able to get boring .
unfortunately ,
and gets rather boring with its clich\u00e9s and predictable plot.there are some good thing
elizabeth russell is also a beautiful
i have to rate it poorly .
that are incomparably beautiful .
the entire cast is superb
unfortunately
what this film lacks in drama is compensated for by an overabundance of boredom .
one can not expect the amazing effect of `` the house of the flying dagger '' or `` the golden compass
it was a great story .
the loved one taken hostage
it really is excellent !
the acting is superb
the weakest link is john cusak 's accent .
this is a funny film .
great range of character
entwined with superb animation and the excellent voice talent of less well known actor as those
the movie is also presented in superb cinemascope format ,
and not been disappointed .
the blooper and out-take at the end are the funniest part of the film ,
superb comic farce from paul mazursky
who unfortunately has succumbed of a heart attack after indulging in too many local cocktail !
is excellent .
spinal tap was funny
everything in it rings false.spinal tap was funny
that bears no relationship to the real world.the acting here is uniformly awful ,
this is an interesting idea gone bad .
to describe the film except boring .
everything connecting them is tedious .
several supporting character actor are wasted ,
he had be remembered for this wonderfully unforgettable performance in `` goodnight mr tom '' .superbly
into a mushy mess.if you
and eminently predictable as in most of these kind of tv film ,
jessica alba does a great job ,
the entire cast is wonderful
it is a great show altogether .
deedee has a beautiful voice and in concert
this show is by far the best show on tv for kid .
how amazing is that ?
the movie runs at a solid pace
through in what was one of the funniest scene of the entire movie !
generally i found myself belly laughing through the film most likely annoying some person around me .
'' and is seen to great advantage throughout ( it is difficult to say if her beauty found an even better showcase ) .her character apparently sleeps in the nude
in a poorly written role
its a great program for younger child .
funny
excellent nicole kidman
great closing line .
the great `` screwball '' comedy obviously were totally implausible
have enjoyed several time .
it was going to be really funny .
it but was very disappointed .
the plot was also pretty weak .
i was expecting it to be really funny
i was also really disappointed with the ending .
this is not a film with an easy or obvious message .
kasdan 's best film
a great film from a great artist .
the least you can expect is the superb camaraderie
and that is all you find in slow but refreshing first half .
the film is recommended for its fresh approach and the performance .
but unfortunately
it fails to deploy .
but their talent are wasted .
being `` crippled '' or `` weak '' ,
but it makes for an entirely annoying experience .
( an especially obnoxious example of this is in the movie the breakfast club ,
supervillain the sandman lays waste to a chunk of manhattan ,
devil 's experimant in particular has some really fantastic effect work
8.5/10 for devil 's experimant .
funny
fun
enjoyable
and it is sweet and a lot of fun .
one of the biggest surprise and one of the best comedy of the year .
emily blunt is simply great as victorium
with wonderful art direction/set decoration and
incredible woman and mother !
9/10 !
( the beautiful barbara bach of `` the spy
who loved me '' fame )
since all the local hotel are booked solid ,
( deliciously played to geeky perfection by the late
great sydney lassick )
( a solid lelia goldoni ) .
unfortunately
pathetic
excellent make-up by craig reardon
a wonderfully wild climax
and a surprisingly heart-eaking final freeze frame
the movie was disappointing .
but this is the worst movie ever probably ,
the story had the most awful plot ,
i only watched it to laugh at how bad it was ,
awful simply awful .
but i have never heard anybody say a bad word about him .
how much the making of this programme has helped his fellow sufferer by raising awareness of this terrible condition .
very well done by one of the best spanish actress antonia san juan.about be a european film in contrast with an american film ,
beautiful and unsatisfied wife giovanna bragana
the noir and neo-realistic movie of luchino visconti is outstanding .
i loved the 1946 version with lana turner ,
but this one is certainly the best .
is so poor
invasion of the star creature would definitely be in the `` so bad
that it is such just makes it plain bad.it has the same kind of hardline stereotypical sexism
in term of being non-funny ,
estherlooks great
and engaging that its fun to see her in a totally different roleoutside of the 'swimming musical ' .
very possibly one of the funniest movie in the world .
you see `` south park '' one of the funniest cartoon created .
its funny then you have no soul or sense of humor .
10/10 .
the cheap excuse
how he might fall into such a half-baked scheme fails
to explain the absurd courtroom theatric and ridiculous plot twist
bubby ray and spike dudley vs. eddie guerro and chris benoit 7/10 this was a pretty good intense match
jamie noble w/ nidia v. billy kidman 3/10
in fact it was so bad
jeff hardy v. william regal 5/10 i have never really liked regal as a wrestler ,
which was perfect for this match .
it is funny looking back at cena 's very first ppv ,
it is pretty funny ) .
rvd v. brock lesnar 8/10 this was a very intense and good match .
rvd looked great in this match
the ending worked perfectly
booker t v. big show 7/10 another solid match
the ending was a great upset and big move up for booker t.7 .
hogan and edge v. christian and lance storm 5/10 this was a mediocre match .
then again christian does not exactly have the greatest athletic ability himself .
this ended up being a mediocre match at best
10/10 .
this is by far the best triple threat match
) overall this was a solid ppv with plenty of extra goody
it is a imitation of bad boy
but still amazing scene .
the film is genuinely very funny
and was the great comeback amitabh bachan needed .
govinda is a gem like always
and this is probably his best work to date ,
he shines as the side kick nd delivers the best comedy scene available in indian cinema.the song ...
.the song are both funny and catchy ... ... ... ... ..proving laugh
it ... amitabh bachan surprisingly is very funny
... .. brilliant ... 'assi chutki naab re daal ' is the best song ... ... ... ... ..hilarious .
this was fascinating
played to excellent turn by stephen rea
excellent support from a horribly underused imelda staunton and a real sense of impending doom make citizen x a film worth seeing .
mostly just average funny unit ,
that were really bad either .
the worst part was the voice of sid .
aside from the annoying sloth voice
this is one of her best acting job .
but this is also not one of her best acting gigs .
it is cheesy and predictable
michael winner is probably best known for his revenge-themed film
is a beautiful young new york model .
but i would hate to spoil any of this film 's great momants ,
that profit from a great cast as well as an often bizarre
and the eerie old brooklyn mansion is a fantastic
and the cast is superb .
beautiful christina raine is great in her role of allison parker
my personal favorite
the great eli wallach as a cynical homicide detective .
i have been a great fan of director michael winner for a long time
`` the sentinel '' is yet another great film in winner 's repertoire ,
that is highly recommended to all horror fan !
sadly this has not been true of the film
the major portion of this film is one awful disaster
why they like this film so much.this film is boring ,
that one is equally boring ,
the dialogue are also equally boring .
it was great being able to go beyond the door of city hall
and gives a great supporting role .
great film with great acting and fantastic photography in nyc !
how some person get funding to create a movie as bad as this one .
but quickly got unbelievable and ridiculous .
most of the acting was poor
the dialog was predictable and lame - especially gideon
that it was just a terrible script .
there are so many great
one - do not waste your time with this horrible movie .
this hauntingly beautiful film is the `` apocalypse now ''
to consume the host and die with it ... manufactured landscape is quite an unforgettable viewing experience - at least i will never regard my toaster and iron the same way again .
this is probably the worst movie i have ever seen ,
( yes it is even worse than dungeon and dragon and any film starring kevin costner .
chris rock is a wonderful stand-up comedian ,
avoid it like the plague .
give it a 2/10 !
i was so disappointed .
the teaser for this film basically contained the best point of the film .
and jame wood does an admirable job considering.the end game was honestly one of the worst film i
great legacy that
what follows is a wonderful comedy ,
there are some excellent set piece ,
great cinema ?
probably not ; great entertainmant - for sure .
this is surely one of the worst film
the plot is simply stupid .
you can complete a great many sentence in the script
the acting is ridiculously bad
it is merely very bad choreography .
if you are into bad movie
making the movie even worse .
and she is the best part of this film .
this was a great movie
but it had the worst
the actor were great and displayed wonderful talent .
which was terrible !
maybe a sequel could eliminate this bad ending .
i really do and not in some boring ironic way
stupid
talk about bad sequel .
rick moranis star in this awful third sequel to the once-funny-and-entertaining `` honey i shrunk the kid '' .
the movie is boring at best ,
right down an embarrassment at worst.first of all ,
but they are pathetic ,
way way worse than the one appearing in the rest of the series .
to locate the action inside the house is just boring .
( which come up as rather boring ,
maybe this was intentional to highlight the stupidity and injustice of the situation ,
all i know is it was annoying .
4 episode of that would be more fun to watch .
and it is soon to get much worse
by all mean lot of fun ,
these actor handle this whole situation perfectly.much of the good quality from the first series are kept intact .
great lightning and good composition and editing makes this enjoyable to watch.be prepare to see better effect in this sequel that in the first .
without being disappointed .
their method of fulfilling prophecy are often ridiculous
that it is a rather mediocre film
bordering on poor .
the acting is actually rather decent for the most part with occasional bit of poor acting and over-acting .
the script is rather bad ,
the character are poorly drawn and underdeveloped .
the viewer is left with an incoherent mess
the pacing of the film is also very poorly executed with the opening and conclusion seeming extremely rushed ,
i found the movie just as disappointing as the series .
it would be more unnecessary bad publicity for christianity .
it is a great read
wayne is so stupid
pretty poor !
who delivered one of their greatest film with `` the devil rides out ''
when he shelters a beautiful young girl
while this is not one of my absolute favorite episode of `` hammer house of horror ''
( the best one clearly is the illiant seventh episode ,
the best way
and that is that.i did not find it boring
will give winter kills a reluctant and weak 3/10
absolutely loved `` the mummy '' with boris karloff as the mummy imhotep ,
there is nothing really terrible here ,
so the viewer is left with a rather bland mummy 's tale .
the house of the dead was the worst movie i
between the pathetic 'matrix ' 360 camera angle attemp and the cheesy acting i fell asleep .
i would rate this movie a 1/10 ,
( 10 being the best ,
1 being the worst ) .
also jumping scene from the movie to the game was really annoying ,
watching beautiful woman sneaking around ,
so the house on carroll street was not entirely a waste of time ,
what it does suffer from is weak and kind of derivative writing .
who enjoyed the film
even where to get cheap air soft weaponry .
have scored the actual short as a 6/10 ,
i recommend the dvd for its feature and as a perfect example of what can be done with a mere eight thousand american dollar .
the more funding the feature-length version will get .
because of its great script and character ,
that it has changed a lot from being an absolutely amazing polouse drama to an average type of television soap .
and that type of thing but i really miss the greatness
most of the great character are gone now
( although a few still remain i think ) and i am not saying that the newer character are poor or anything
and would now be classed as a terrible
unreal television soap.recommended to watch for a good laugh over the stupidity of the polouse officer
involved - 2/10
the wild and unidled humor of underground seems to have degenerated into pathetic buffoonery here .
was great ,
it is especially disappointing to see something like this .
his next one will be great .
that i could not see any redeeming virtue in the movie :
danny glover was cast as the bad guy ,
a disappointing evening
and may not seem as funny as many high budget comedy out there ,
as being funny off of the saturday night live show .
some of the best scene are
an excellent film !
by having several boring woman do him in .
her revenge was silly and stupid
he just a bad actor ,
to show her talent with the awful acting of jenkin
plus the stupid plot
that only makes it worse .
this movie is jackie 's best .
i still can not get enough of watching some of his best stunt ever .
i also like the bad guy in this movie
this movie has also got a great story line
this movie was absolutely pathetic .
celina jaitley was not bad .
the john goodman program was pretty awful ,
the one and only thing in this mess
the plot is predictable but the show lurches from one inexplicable
unconnected scene to another in such a pointless way
there is no fun
the worst thing is nobody in the production crew seems to have ever seen snow !
it is the perfect day
so i had to opt for the next best thing
the result are spontaneously romantic and surprisingly consistent .
the beautifully poetic quote above is taken from tom tykwer 's faubourg saint denis .
not surprisingly given her immanse talent ,
in beautifully delivered americanized french ,
isabelle huppert is a wonderful actor .
i could not find any redeeming value in it .
why the electric chair fails to work properly .
the acting is bad ,
it is the cheapest movie i have ever seen ,
but it is so damn funny !
it was too bad ... yeah ,
so ... overall the movie is pretty bad
they were trying to do what was best for the baby .
this movie is really great .
the child '' is probably one of the worst supernatural thriller i have ever seen
( even worse than `` godsend '' )
the sound track is excellent ,
and everything in the movie is 9+.surely one of the best movie i ever saw ,
that made the best and most shocking awaking about my life and my purpose in this world .
one of the worst film i have seen to date .
pathetic action scene and really bad acting also do not help .
a waste of my money although i found entertaining to begin with its gets annoying after a few watch .
( a gift you can ask for the receipt and send back for a complete refund )
.really bad.1/10 .
because the relationship to what plot exists is tenuous at best
are worse then unbelievable ,
just fly around fighting with metal wing and other stupid weapon
but soon enough this flying wind bad guy comes in and kills her
princess killing bad guy and soon we have a very badly choreographed uwe boll like fight scene complete with terrible martial art on a mountain or something.even the visual are weird
.i watched it both dubbed and with subtitle and both were equally bad and hard to understand ... .who am i kidding i did not understand
this was one of the worst film experience ever it was like watching inu-yasha at episode 134 drunk ... yeah
what the hell is going on.do not waste your ain
the best part is that i could not stop thinking of supertrooper thank to joey kern .
( and i do not refer only to tom bombadil ,
the hobbit do not look so bad
however it is unfortunately the nearest i have seen to it in a long time.he change in the movie to a believable degree ,
shane johnson makes an excellent contribution to the show as sean cooper .
a kind of poor-man 's seoul
she is in.something terrible happen .
and shin-ae does not necessarily deal with it in the best possible way .
and it gets worse than that.jeon do-yeon gives her all in this extremely demanding and protean role .
there are also weakness in the action .
and makes bad choice all along .
bad dialogue
worse
( worst )
but it was a terrible rip-off of 'misery ' .
that is not very funny .
and it is quite simply shimmeringly beautiful .
i found the idiom more fluent and enjoyable than either ,
what gives this film greater depth
and this time she will never come back.gossip column confirm all andr\u00e9 's worst conviction ,
the continuing attack rapidly cease to be very funny.but
instead we have are given the stupid `` underbelly ''
and for that i am truly indebted to this wonderful series .
to see only a few actor have furthered their career whilst other have faded into obscurity.i do not want australia to forget this wonderful piece of their television history ,
the movie is a complete disappointment in all area .
be disappointed ,
but the worst i feel
but unfortunately bollywood director do not have that much of time .
now such too stupid action scene may work in south
as the audience just pay to watch their favorite actor killing bunch of person .
this is height of stupidity .
audience is not paying to watch such stupidity .
to it is bad everything else .
but the movie seems awfully sloppy to me .
and becomes more of a tedious interference than anything else
it is beautiful and innocent .
that mol was actually bettie page herself.unfortunately ,
and are totally overshadowed by mol 's wonderful performance .
and for gretchen mol 's excellent performance of bettie page .
it is just a vehicle for mol to really rise into the stratosphere of popularity as an actress.7/10 .
i am disappointed .
based on the liner notes.do not waste your money
and just want to see all of mr. glover 's and ms. goldberg 's films.it was a poor way
because the stupidity of it seemed to have made me go insane .
there was not one funny thing in the whole movie .
it is awfully funny
yet her itty-bitty little dress is perfectly intact ,
and do not let me get started on the ridiculous fate of the `` villain ''
and still get family-friendly rating.what a waste of the dvd format .
i am all for a `` bad '' horror movie
bad acting and a bad script
and the gore factor was laughable
i on the other hand stupidly
and i loved it .
the acting is great ,
but also as fun and easy to understand lesson in history.turn around ,
solid tale like this one.and although belushi and kelly lynch deliver excellent performance ,
it was awful ,
most definitely the worst columbo ever dreamt up .
and so will you be if you waste anytime watching this .
`` whipped '' is one of the most awful film of all time .
that movie was honest and sympathetic ,
avoid this like so many plague ,
unless you want to see how truly bad a `` comedy '' can get .
this is a great `` small '' film .
great performance by roy scheider and the three `` bad guys '' .
as though thing just get worse as the plot thicken .
wonderful ending
it is a kind of post-modern film noir
and the result is a very watchable and often pleasing at all time incomprehensible mess.it is hard to know what welle was trying to do with this film aside from maybe resurrect his career in hollywood
but for all this he manages to make grisby 's derangement palpable and disturbing ,
and he rarely lived in one place for long .
because of the bad acting ?
the bad dialogue ?
only because of bad acting and bad dialogue
i loved it !
but it is not a gorefest and the gore is pretty bad
and that is lame ) ,
( bad acting is a good thing in cheesy low-budget horror movie ) ,
( bad dialogue is a good thing in cheesy low-budget horror movie ) ,
denzel washington and tony scotts really make a perfect duo .
it is among the best of the death wish genre ,
it is a bit annoying
one would not take this movie for real.8/10 for art direction/editing/cinematographic/denzel washington .
ain-dead and pointless .
the film is excellent ,
you still have not watched your favorite one yet ... trust me ,
i see nothing redeeming about this film at all
save for the eye-candy aspect of it ... 3/10
it is very beautiful - the slow motion water scene ,
but overall this was dull as dirt.it seemed
that is some great power for you .
avoid this film
that were so horrible
co star fred macmurray is probably best known for `` double indemnity ''
while other have lamented at how bad it is ,
it was not so awful ,
the british claymation series putting `` witty '' conversation taped from `` average '' person in the mouth of `` cute '' fanciful creature at least had the advantage for non-british viewer of seeming droll and the kind of rarefied cultured humor
( and just a bit dull )
and coming as a set-up for the single worst show on the cbs schedule
( or `` how to be a horrible mother - or person - in one interminable
unfunny lesson '' )
the teenage witch '' is quite moving and very funny ,
how great it was .
that we could all enjoy.10/10
the completely awful kid 's show from the 1990s still continues to disturb young child with it is complete cheesiness ,
and awful settings.this show was not entertainment ,
and such.i have never been able to figure out what the purpose of this completely ridiculous show ever was.as such ,
it remains one of the worst kid shows ever made .
unfortunately
or has a preoccupation with scatological function
it was made for a rarefied audience
stage moniker the great splendini ,
she is morphed surprisingly into a klutzy
which is a great relief .
and badly dressed college girl seems not just unkind but an all-around bad decision .
but woody 's joke are far funnier and more original
but the main cast fails miserably .
that lacks any feeling whatsoever
she gets dumped by her girlfriend.ioana seems even more tense than marium and even worse ,
and to make matter worse ,
great acting there )
too bad
one of the worst film i have ever had the displeasure
killer tongue is a horrible melange of the worst element of the rocky horror picture show
some of it has subtle message about mj 's feeling towards the press
and also the obvious message of drug are bad m'kay.visually impressive
and find it boring .
so bad is beyond me .
when it came to filming the kiddy bad sequence as usually director hate
and give off a wholesome message
and ironically mj 's bestest buddy in this movie is a girl !
he is either an extremely nice but stupid guy or one of the most sickest liar .
prison is not often ought up during conversation about the best eighty horror film ,
because it is not one of the best ...
this is certainly among the best of the lesser known/smaller film .
it was amazing.. i remember it to the day not like most thing i
but the story is amazing considering
the fighting scene were amazing to watch ,
and i loved the idea of fighting giant man controlled robot ,
the plot is great as well .
but this is one of the damn funniest dramas i have ever seen .
drawing the assorted country character with great warmth and affection ,
sadly
and mess it up .
but fails to give us any motivation
the cinematography is not bad
did water flow upward and remnant of great city levitate on the horizon ?
it is one of the most beautiful movie i
the monster are also fully realised and wonderful to watch in action.although the plot may not be entirely unique ,
watch it for the incredible animation
it is a fun way
that the best way
but both she and her fellow actor are poorly served by uninspired screen writing and undistinguished direction .
but such moment are far too few and sadly fleeting .
without the 'flame ' undy lol as with lwr ,
it is great to see him get along so well
you are all wonderful .
and the trilogy kick of to a great start .
miike has done worse ,
but with a great drive and true grittiness .
.8/10
terrible
it is laughable .
and though i found it tedious beyond belief i
that is because i now have an immediate answer to the question 'what is the worst film
the supporting cast was ... on paper excellent
( great to see silva and drago )
it down.4/10 i do not think
( jeff wincott is a good martial artist and good actor ) ... brigitte nielsen play a sexy antagonist together another bad guy
and cyndi pass play a bad girl.from producer of another action/martial art film
a good action film.the best film of martial law series .
all the actor were excellent
her performance was most enjoyable and i look forward
and the effect are lousy
most of the movie consists of bad music
with the actor dancing equally as badly to the bad music ,
this should be one of the worst thing
and also that hitch-hiking is the third best way
not bad ,
by being filmed on cheap video .
it was not.the movie has to be the most apathetic i have come across in the genre .
( if your set are going to be that bad ,
as being particularly lame ,
the script is like a bad episode of the a-team ,
( i mean the bad one with no plot
and loved it !
great !
they are all great .
the other one give great performance too
i can not understand the low ratings.it is too bad
this movie surprisingly had a lot of good twist and turn .
the plot is solid
in conclusion ; this is a great way for an action movie buff
intrusive and pointless special effect and general lack of substance .
or do not have a seriously messed up sense of humor ,
the best
it.i have seen stack of terrible
boring
that were just a waste of a perfectly good vhs tape or dvd-r. i
that were a complete waste of million of dollar .
both schizophreniac / schizophreniac 2 are among the favorite in my collection of well over 1000 dvds .
but baba was a huge disappointment .
in between an awful storyline
the action and song were only mediocre .
was a great film ,
except it makes baba look even worse by comparison ! bryan
simply terrible !
if you want any credibility or any message sent via these low-budget film ...
the humour was lower than that of the bathroom variety and was not funny on any level .
to blame for the next generation of cinema-goer lack of cinematic understanding and celluloid capability ?
is the epitome of what has now developed into the worse case of dumbing down
can do better than this poor attempt ,
but talent and exuberance for perfection and quality
with the work of the wayan clan another clich\u00e9 of bad taste ,
no great pondering of artistic value and no doubt
may the ghost of movie past be ever so humble in their judgement ,
with truly awful rear-screen projection .
i have seen plenty of thoroughly enjoyable `` soundstage production '' before ,
he is always a pleasure ... even in the worst of his film .
to how much i enjoyed ms. wymore in errol flynn 's movie
she is just as beautiful ,
was truly awful .
there are some lame attempt at comic relief
there are definitely worse scott film out there ,
but it also certainly could not be deemed anything beyond mediocre .
the script was very weak w/o enough character arcs
had they been more subtle ,
this kind of 35mm budget and this is the best
and come up with the worst comedic
it is terrible or way over the top .
every cheap clich\u00e9 thought of is used .
no doubt a fun movie to watch .
this cult favorite feature :
( my favorite is the carriage ride in the storm ,
the movie is wonderfully romantic in many sense of the word ,
the scenery is beautiful
.an excellent movie
they were not so bad .
i enjoyed the thrilling chase within the wood ,
successfully weaves all 6 chapter into a wonderful tale of fantasy .
he made these 6 movie work perfectly as a whole entity .
speak perfect english
the basic plot in this movie is not bad .
the movie is a mess .
the blame for this i place on either joan crawford or the director or both ,
as her performance is just awful .
she does a wonderful impersonation of a deer
it really became annoying for me .
how much i enjoyed seeing such a wide range of actor
you will not be disappointed
8/10 star !
without any of the great moment from his presidency or even his debate with stephen dougla .
that would make him the great man
it could have been with a greater scope.in the role of aaham lincoln
supporting cast is solid
and surprisingly does not include that many of ford 's regular supporting cast
he has also appeared in 11 best picture nominees.the film features one scene
until 4 year after this wonderful show first aired but luckily i managed to catch the rerun of the mid 90 's and the rest is history ...
was notorious for making thing as cheaply as possible and sometimes the show suffered for this with incredibly tacky set - particularly in episode such as `` happening ''
the show was really a lot of fun .
it had a great mix of adventure
.the chemistry from the three lead was fantastic -
that they were really having a lot of fun
( and laugh about anthony nicholl awful wig ! ! ) .
i was always a richard barrett fan - i loved his sardonic humour along with that dangerous edge -
and the chemistry from the three lead is what made this wonderful show for me and i do not think
but one of the stupidest ending in movie history with no resolution at all ... do not waste your money on this movie .
it is worse than `` destroy all monster . ''
'' david macallum 's badly done stutter
( which does draw attention away from his even worse acting ) ,
the incredibly bad process work on all the `` monster
the amazingly hilarious boat
and worst of all
the best part are that the intrepid explorer manage to lose the comic frenchman ,
and do not get me started about the poster.this is still a great movie
beautifully funny and utterly believable character .
each scene richer and more wonderful than the last .
totally great !
and it is still funny .
this movie makes fun of all of that in a way
it pokes fun at it .
it is still a funny funny movie .
in my opinion is equally as funny and in some way
brilliant performance by rusty condieff and larry b scott .
that is so funny .
this movie is the among the worst movie ever ,
there are so many classically bad momants ,
avoid
i found the character 's really poor
the there is the awful twist at the end
is a harmless looking young boy the best 'twist ' ending
the boring plot plod along
and it just does a terrible job
a really bad film
it is not badly made but rather forgettable .
i ever felt anything for anyone.the hamilton commits the cardinal sin of being both dull and boring from
this is soooo funny ! !
if not perfect
( who unfortunately has too little to do here ) .
beautiful or touchable .
it is no longer beautiful .
the colorful scarf ... no longer the frumpy wife.it is a sad and wonderful picture at the same time .
sad in that may betrays her daughter 's trust ... beautiful
it was truly a gem of a movie.and daniel craig .
a wonderful scene .
this is one of the best fred astaire-ginger roger film
or at least one of my favorite .
most of the a-r movie feature great dancing
as the other film.this movie features not just great dancing but likable character and a bunch of good song .
and they are always a fun pair to watch on the dance floor.growing up in the 1950s
was fun to watch and randolph scott -
if you want to to enjoy the great talent of astaire and roger .
although i can see the potentially redeeming quality in this film by way
perhaps the french had been starved for film noir that year
and kept me at arm distance from the story altogether.this is a film for only the most dedicated fan of film noir and one
i loved movie such as `` trainspotting '' or `` requiem for a dream '' -
that i found it tedious -
and with a high libido is ready for some extra marital fun.that is the basic premise for the film ,
after knowing about pearl 's betrayal with the younger stud.poor diane lane ,
when you have a fun crowd at home
when the studio hacks the movie so badly
that sarafian can not blame the studio entirely on this one .
that are not laughable
are just plain boring .
avoid .
not even bad enough
to be so-bad-it is-good .
i thoroughly enjoyed the first part of this two parter
that i quite enjoyed .
it was a good solid doctor
have been fantastic
despite mediocre review and a quick dvd release ,
is among his best work ,
probably gives her best dramatic performance too as the ultimately sociopathic `` caretaker '' .
that makes toni collette probably one of the best actress of this generation
it is incredible
but the story fails to engage .
it was bad .
really bad .
not `` so bad it is good ''
just flat out bad .
how did it get funded ?
the shooting was dullllllllllll .
this may not be the worst comedy of all time ,
and i want it back ! chris kattan is funny for about 10 minute .
that the rest of the movie is much worse .
and then not so funny ,
and then dead ... so i suppose he hits the entire spectrum in one career.avoid this movie like the plague.c
-- creating a wonderful sense of anticipation --
more fulfilling for the foundation initially laid.excellent film .
is one of my all-time great movie moment .
excellent !
the whole movie played out beautifully with fresh image
the actor were on top of their character 's back in nearly perfect timing
and looked great .
but the attitude toward christianity and judaism about how the public picks their messiah certainly sounded true enough .
and forgotten about by some.i gave it a 7/10 star here on imdb .
about possibility of the coming modern messiah to a tv near you .
and troop beverly hill had been tied for worst movie ever for so long
bad they are good .
a great job of not only playing the 'friendly neighborhood ' gay man-
but i enjoyed it .
greatly appreciated .
it is beautifully acted by the entire cast
everything looks so perfect and dream-like .
what a disappointment !
but it fails to deliver .
it can be funny to use every singe clich\u00e9 there is about role playing game ,
that it becomes extremely predictable .
there is no subtlety in this movie ,
if there would be caption `` laugh now '' or a cheap 80s-style fake-laughter track
it is a fun film before all .
and the colours seem to be of a douanier rousseau of modern cinema.this is not a perfect film either .
as agent arthur dale helping our two favorite hero
that are so bad
the book is enjoyable.how then could this movie be so intolerably bad ?
then tell them to do their best kevin costner imitation .
it is so bad ,
it is not even good for being bad .
this is a solid political thriller
this is a fun film
m*****f****r and other assorted bad language
which blended both realism and cinema together was amateurish at best yet this film remained in my mind for day
that is very rarely explored in cinema
this is fun at first
jang 's repetitive streak seems to make it feel boring than exciting .
jang had a great story with gojitmal ,
the ending seems almost random at best as jang attempt to create a final resolution for our two
these stronger sub-story became un-rememberable and down-right dull .
this was a poor film .
i did not see as much of a social message or human element like mentioned above ,
it is message across ,
**** warning - spoiler follow to elaborate best point ******here are the classic moment :
there are however unforgettable moment as well :
the fantastic double take
and leaped again into the arm of the waiter - one of the funniest moment i have ever seen ) .
and borrow heavily from grieg.lot of fun and full of laugh .
this movie was just plain bad .
bad guy gets away ?
and you have the recipe for one really bad movie .
avoid this one at all cost .
a surprisingly good movie !
how stupid the two main character are .
stupid blonde
i almost gave it an 8/10 ,
wonderful cinemtrophy and a cast you want to eat with your heart .
and she and jame stewart always ought out the best in each other .
director ernst lubitsch might have thought `` trouble in paradise '' his favorite ,
macy is excellent as the depressed alex .
the story was rather flat and clich\u00e9..7/10
it had the best cast of mature
talented actor and an amazing chemistry .
the show reminded me a cross between 2 other favorite :
i have been very disappointed with major network for flooding us with reality-tv or teenage oriented show .
it is great slapstick .
the entire cast perform their best comedic acting ...
george clooney is one of my favorite actor
and he is great as the crippled safe eaker in this flick .
they have the funniest role in the entire movie .
and rambo is no longer a solider but a cold blooded killer .
vietnam was not a fun place
this is not the worst of the film concerning vietnam ,
is an insult to watch .
what is worse is rambos cheesy speech at the end ... please ! !
and the philosophy are kitchy at best ,
poorly delivered the rest of the time .
the complete lack of anything resembling sympathetic character does not help the situation .
each cookie cutter figure simply goes about making you hate them in the blandest
most predictable way possible .
and they were all so terrible to each other- head in toilet
what a great idea !
not even superman.ten year ago the special effect would have been amazing .
bad line
terrible pacing ,
endless replaying of the same shot of a cgi dragon stomping through hallway ... ugh.avoid this one at all cost .
drew to the screen.this is not a bad film .
were rather serious and meaningful and nancy seemed to understand and grow from the experience.emma roberts is great as nancy drew
it is sad to see a pretty good cast wasted like this .
not the least bit john savage in a horridly forgettable role as a shoddy private investigator .
it sadly contains none of the latter .
technically not an all-together bad movie just an extremely forgettable one.eye candy :
gregory peck 's acting was excellent ,
i wasted a couple of good hour .
4/10 .
and finds out a lot of his other 's secret in this very dull thriller .
it is the best way
there is a great deal of scheming
the cinematography is great
the movie had a great story .
my favorite part of the movie was when his father died
murphy brown also did a great job in the movie ,
beautifully sung
i wasted 80 minute of my life
watching this terrible film i
the acting was extremely poor
and the special effect were awful .
not even the 2 beautiful girl could revive my interest in this boring and bloody mess .
so f**** stereotype ''please do not waste your time with this crash
that no movie could compete with the finished perfect version each of us has imagined over the year
because of bad visual effect ,
the best effect in this are from the original productions.another issue with this re-cut .
the best scene in the donner cut are the one lifted relatively intact from the released version of superman ii .
sloppy edit and bad decisions.watch the opening scene at the daily planet .
like this.battle scene are a mess too
that this will be an excellent magnet for dust and little else .
it is by no mean perfect ,
what makes this go is a wonderful chemistry among the principal character .
what i enjoyed about this movie is that it did not go for cheap comedy
always the over-emphasis of some heavy 's badness .
always the poorly crafted
to be anything but bad .
this movie is horrible .
what is even more annoying is jennifer garner 's acting .
she just act like she is stupid.from then on ,
no ... .her friend is bad
when she comes up with a `` great '' idea.there
this unique collaboration takes you on an incredible voyage into `` the mind 's eye . ''
and predictable.i wish
and there are some clear similarity between their adaptation.the film 's colorful picturesque backdrop are excellent
aragorn is not a favorite character of mine from the story ,
he was my favorite character in this adaptation .
my other favorite was william squire ,
and added to sam 's unfortunately silly image .
and in particular the orc march to and battle at helm 's deep were tremendous.ralph bakshi 's version of `` the lord of the ring '' is not perfect
and no doubt a number of lord of the ring reader lament the cut to the story .
of seeing an effective adaptation of half of a great trilogy .
my only strong lament is that i am unable to see the second part of this `` first great tale '' of the lord of the ring
it is the best summary of that history .
and still keeps the overall picture in view.olivier 's narration is excellently written and
we treasure our copy.the producer 's do an excellent job
but i found much of the dialog funny and insightful
and the performance are funny
unfunny comedy ,
everything is fine and funny
this film is a great example
wrapped up in a tidy futuristic film noir package ,
my opinion was helped by the great dubbing
( just watch any hong kong legend film in english to see a perfect example )
so far after week two of `` the lone of beauty '' i am a little disappointed.some of the acting is good ,
because the talented cast really captures the dark truth of hitler 's world.peter stormare is perfect as ernst rohm
his weak-willed fawning over hitler soon loses him the respect of his wife ,
easily overcoming occasional weakness in the script .
but the battlefield record of corporal hitler is badly distorted .
-- but they just could not resist the cheap shot.all in all
japan makes some of the best animation in the world .
sadly most of these short are disappointing .
the best of them is the first part of a prequel
with excellent
offering an apple.the animation style is beautiful ,
the set design are great ,
all this in a superbly packaged cinematography
ridiculous-looking little booger that spawn foam and reproduce themselves .
that is so stupid you will not find it funny anymore after about 15 minute .
and chemical waste disposal in cave seems to be a bad thing .
that after the film 's finished.good badness ?
`` retarded '' and `` ridiculous '' are criterium
3/10 and
6/10 .
that that is a great description
self-indulgent waste of time .
i was more and more impressed with the movie and the incredible acting ,
it is a great metaphor of russian revolution in general ,
re efenstor 's lament ,
this movie and the book are great food for thought
i was wrong.the start was great ;
and blah blah blah thing was funny .
and very few thing were even close to funny in my opinion.as a matter of fact ,
the potential of the idea was great ;
being interested in the `` annoying person disappearance '' thing .
gets right in the sheet between her and a wonderfully hard-boiled/soft-boiled ben gazzara ,
what a disappointing movie !
it is a cheap drama
that it is even worse than many portuguese soap operas !
the plot is so boring ,
in one or another direction the production is also bad !
the sound mixing is horrible ,
it was one of the worst portuguese movie i have seen in the last year !
bad argument
bad acting
bad production i had no high hope for this movie ,
but it was much worse
86+ hour of material gives the story a chance to not only be one of the most thrilling and unpredictable mafia/action story ,
but also to be a great family drama
as the closest tv can get to cinematic perfection ,
turns new jersey into an intricate universe full of the greatest cast of character i
whose various poor choice lead him down a road
but eventually he becomes one of the most sympathetic and complex character on the show ,
there are 50+ great character with powerful arc ,
because i was having so much fun with the other character .
is too funny
but this is one of the best movie i have seen in a while.audrey tautou 's character irene is not the overdone sugary girl
( very awful ) day
completely great is you have all these really interesting story and plot building ... very entertaining to watch
great scenery and shot
it was the best 20 minute of film i
as it is a great film to watch anytime
the hollywood epic film are good ... for fun .
because is not enough funny ...
with excellent color .
too bad :
because the movie is great .
another reviewer had a great summary line :
young beautiful eva
unfortunately he can not satisfy her sexually and ignores her .
it is beautifully filmed
is easily one of the most beautifully shot
are unfortunately pretty obvious today .
great direction
beautiful imagery
( beautiful imagery does not make a picture for me ) ,
somewhat dull
imagine the beautiful woman
you will both see and experience perhaps one of the best film mystery ever .
the first real noir
because of the great drama and story .
the noir feel here hinges on the notion
chinese theater and funhouse .
and of course leading to the funhouse
leaving the rotting corpse mentioned at the beginning of this comment.that poor rita comes from china ty up the whole thing
why perfectly good-looking person allow themselves to abuse themselves on film like this .
but batwoman 's alter ego seems so incredibly 'stiff ' and dull
i did find the movie enjoyable .
the action is also very enjoyable with some very suspenseful moment.if the batwoman 's background was more interesting ,
it is enjoyable .
it is not as good as the other batman animated movie.7/10
this is quite possibly one of the best movie america has to offer the rest of the world .
the economy was weak ,
so i could easily smile as this dreadful movie unfold .
it can not get any worse ,
i can not remember having seen a worse movie
and i do occasionally get bad one
while a bad one
unstoppable deserve best picture award at the oscar
whether the plot is good or bad .
but this was an enjoyable halloween fare
i loved the part
great dialogue between the native cab driver and crenna in term of the cabby dissing his own person 's ethnic belief .
who rarely sees or advises person ,
this movie is still enjoyable .
brilliant
he ings a different angle to this film.one of the best thing
in turmoil and suffering for a bad hand life ,
that side of his character.at the worst time of his despair
the talent in the film is incredible .
is superb as mrs. tate ,
some person may find it a bit boring though
my opinion is that it is a terrible book ,
who loved his work ,
but i unfortunately did not .
many many other person thoroughly enjoyed this film .
a vain and stupid foil for blackadder venom ,
who even fails at acting like a bad actress )
obnoxious .
are basing their remark on the mst3k airing .
that the original version is slightly more coherent than the mst3k oadcast ,
seemingly unmotivated in the mst3k version
and were absent from the original movie.one scene i wish had made it into the mst3k version :
joe don himself is wearing his ridiculous cowboy-slash-sheriff outfit
complete with shiny badge !
why they passed on that great opportunity
to make fun of him ... one final observation on the original
as that ridiculous scene at the bowling alley where dan and marie are caught making out by the whole family .
if this movie is so bad
`` so bad it is gone past good and back to bad again . ''
there is the actress in the graveyard scene yowling the best line ever
perhaps best of all
spitting out the second best line ever ,
`` out of all of the bad movie i could have seen ,
it can at least be fun ,
it is incredibly boring .
it moves awfully slowly
.i give this film 3/10 ,
there actually have been worse movie made before .
the character were awful .
and how he planned the perfect bank robbery ,
that the best bank robbery is one
that sure sound like the perfect crime to me
and that is weak .
particularly annoying is jodie foster 's character ,
this movie has no redeeming feature .
the review were poor
unfortunately i think
i enjoyed this film .
it was an excellent political thriller about something
before - a secret service agent going bad
unfortunately
but he is an excellent actor .
unfortunately - see a first lady
i enjoyed this .
is horrible
and stupid .
no redeeming quality whatsoever .
this was in short a terrible disappointment .
by far the worst adaptation of one of my favourite novel .
the film was full of beautiful touch .
the wonderful wardrobe
i particularly enjoyed the ancient greek class
as she walks around the fantastic apartment in the buff ,
it is insulting to fairy kind
and also stupidity
( especially stupidity ) .overall ,
that this show is so f***** ' annoying
this is a great movie ... ... ... ...
which becomes slightly tedious.i was amazed to see `` marcus aurelius '' in the acting credit ,
and direction is tedious .
then it will be enjoyable .
hated by mcmahonagement
that they had enlisted the help of `` the baddest man on the planet '' mike tyson as a special enforcer .
which kicked off with the legion of doom winning a forgettable 15 team battle royal to become no.1 contender for the tag title .
could have been great
while not terrible ,
as wwe tag team champion the new age outlaws lost their title to cactus jack and chainsaw charlie in a fun dumpster match .
but this was still a fun match.now
the movie is a great combination of comedy and typical romance .
jim carey is superb as a down on his luck reporter
in fact all the character are great .
the movie is not overly funny or sappy
good flick to go see with the wife.all in all 8/10 ... .note *
this was a real disappointment after a reasonably entertaining 101 dalmatian .
arnold vosloo and michael madsen did a great job at portraying there role in the hostage situation .
this was a great film
gave excellent performances.feyder 's direction was more assured than clarence brown 's ,
but it is certainly not worse
10/10 .
the whole premise is stupid ,
there were a couple of scene in dumbland
( which never really vary in dumbland )
this is one of the worse
it is so awful ,
but this is about as bad
the unrated version is even worse
having these poor woman
the action scene are lamely handled
you could do worse
... .but the film is still just a waste of time .
amazing movie i saw this movie for the first time on a flight
i give it a 1/10 .
but beautiful - effect achieved in `` oz . ''
`` stairway to heaven '' is a true gem .
never stooping to cheap sentimentality nor knee-jerk reactionism.there have been many allegation made
and the director 's intense sadness upon hearing of the tragedy.pretty much all of the film are beautiful
it is amazing to me
it is a waste of space on the board and of other 's time .
the remainder of the first season is excellent .
this horror movie is really weak ...
nothing really terrible goes on as a family adopts a cute little german shepard pup .
all in all a really weak horror movie even by television standard ... television movie
this one is really rather dull .
stupidity
and bad acting all join force for a true tour de force in terrible movie-making .
the bloodsucker leads the dance - what a laughable title ,
because this is one terrible movie.the story
these guy are so bad
it really is hard to determine how bad the acting is when you have dubbing this abysmal .
but the voice-artist can not be blamed for the script .
unintentionally funny at best
pathetic at worst .
the man are either creepy or tedious.the whole enterprise smack of pure exploitation of the audience .
they should have avoided like the plague .
but at warmth british film can lord it over their otherwise overwhelming competitor.this film fails not in its content but only in attaching itself to the predeccesor ,
the message of this movie is `` personality is more important than beauty '' .
but the funny thing is that she is not at all ugly
despite the message
this movie is simply ridiculous .
and the two italian girlfriend come to mind-the story was lame and derivative ,
the emphasis on the girlfriend 's racial background was handled clumsily at best ,
that were supposed to be funny .
very disappointed in this movie ,
which is a far funnier
but the movie fails to get on with it .
the tone is not funny or comical .
is destined to become one of the greatest movie of all time .
-- one of the best man
in order to avoid any potential spoiler .
2 oscar for best cinematography ) :
given us perhaps the best cinematic product of his career ,
but 77-year-old paul newman offers one of his best performance ever.yes ... i may be getting old .
blackadder 's prospect are much poorer
more than any other niche.the child actor in the movie are just unfunny .
to give a funny ,
a great honor ,
one quite funny scene has two derelict
and feel of the film is great ,
you will enjoy the heck out of this.cool and fun stuff
8/10 .
lyon is excellent at playing the young girl
so that does not affect it too badly .
perhaps the funniest 'backstage at hollywood ' movie ever
where acting poorly in front of a camera is part of the role .
but as a dominican i loved it ... there are some thing in the movie
this was wonderfully done.i really enjoyed
anyway i really enjoyed this movie ,
you will not be disappointed .
and a paint-by-numbers character knock this out of the running for all but the most hardcore fans.what saves this film from the junk heap is the beautiful crutch of bakshi 's work
stupidest
how else can one explain the utter and sheer stupidity
do not waste a minute of your life watching this .
do not even waste your time
i had first watched this several year ago on a now-defunct sicilian tv channel ; amazingly
i was surprised by how much i enjoyed it
are not too bad of its kind and period ;
as they travel the great us of a. fate match them with a `` very pretty '' yuppie lawyer ,
and the rest is predictable.kid will love this film ,
and globalism 's effect on poorer nation
factory management
this should give you something to think about.outstanding and highly recommended .
is one of the best thriller ever made .
solid performance from its cast
superb direction
and the film lacks the inspiration or ambition to be as fun-bad
the second one is just dull . )
also disappointing is the science fiction angle
( poor )
i was surprised by just how bad it was .
to forgiving a great deal
poor acting
and weak storyline
( at best rehashed from earlier film ) .
this is the worst of the lot.first
my intelligence was being seriously insulted .
look a great deal like ... well
like a guy in a cheap rubber suit with some hair glued on and some truly awful animatronic .
but my god it was awful .
and some of the performance were not terrible .
i caught this on ( a surprisingly feature-filled )
is solid
made by someone with a great love of film-making .
and probably a great deal more of this movie
( blandly
played by veteran character actor dean jagger in a rare lead role )
worse yet
halperin crucially fails to ing any tension
atmosphere and momentum to the hideously tedious proceedings .
only george cleveland as the hearty general duval and e. alyn warren as the irascible dr. trevissant manage to enliven thing a bit with their welcome and refreshing hammy histrionic .
and the crude cinematography are pretty lousy and unimpressive as well .
a dismally dull dud .
i am very disappointed by this `` adaption '' of the famous book .
this was not that bad .
not a great work of art
he is an incredibly beautiful man .
see the wedding date with dea messing - one of his best overall film .
whilst it certainly paints war in a very bad light ,
and foulkrod 's use of stock footage and music is perfectly utilised
the film maker did a wonderful job of inging goldsworthy 's work to life ,
and created a beautiful film
ed gilbert and jim cumming were perfect for the voice of louis and baloo
which are all great on their own merit ,
which is not a bad thing at all .
9/10 .
i loved it ,
how amazing this film is !
get a load of it in the cheap negligee
that this was a great movie for kid.dawn well from gilligan island ,
it was unusual the way that it was done.i mean the kid character were great and i did not know what to expect in the end.the basic plot also had a lot more to do with these kid
so then they can not make any more amateur stupid song
they sing badly .
it was boring
it was not funny at all even though they tried really hard for it to be .
i am glad other person enjoyed this movie ,
it does not have the greatest reputation
you have seen worse movie !
these thing do not make a great movie
but it is becomes annoying very quickly ;
it sounds boring
he is pretty much wasted .
curdled is a one hundred percent-proof piece of forgettable trash .
but this one fails on all level .
the part of kralik would have been perfect for charle boyer .
who come off best
bressart has my favorite moment in the film
is just great as the officious little worm
it is touching and beautiful to see this bond between the young boy evacuated from london and the grumpy old man
and bestowed with many award for his illiant performance in this movie .
a great actor and a great role
the premise was terrible .
especially in the warehouse.once again another disappointing movie
this is my favorite all time movie .
not when i was eight is this about bud and sissy 's relationship takes a turn for the worst
this movie is so bad
how on earth did they get funding for this abomination ?
the plot is laughable ,
the acting is poor at best ,
i am the biggest looser for not turning this stupid movie off after the first minute .
and he is in it ... for 30 second ... i give it 1/10
a give this movie a 10/10
because it deserves a 10/10 .
two of the best actor of their time-walter matthau and george burn collaborate with neil simon and all of the other actor
the sunshine boys is one of the best film of the 70 's .
because it was cheaper-only $ 3 ) .
because i have to see the special features.it is very funny how that happens .
richard benjamin was also fantastic in this .
he won a golden globe for best supporting actor .
and this movie does involve a rare treasure .
the only redeeming aspect are slater and dorf ,
even though the movie as a whole is worse ,
reid 's performance is truly awful .
we are not just talking bad ,
i am talking about nominating tara reid for worst performance of the year .
than what you get watching the setup in bad porn .
i mean this is not just bad ,
it is laughably bad .
otherwise i would have appreciated the stupidity in real-time .
where he gets flashback of something terrible
the script badly needed reworking
the ending is completely stupid
at least nothing a little dynamite can not handle.not the very worst thing
but a truly bad movie .
b+ 8/10
and it immediately became one of my favorite movies.set in mallepa ,
that is sad yet beautiful at the same time.as for the acting ,
hyde did an amazing job for a first timer.the shot
were beautiful ,
but the movie did have it is rare and short gruesome shot.all in all ,
this movie is amazing
there is so little here of the fantastic anne rice book
whose greatest attribute
that is better than mediocre ,
though that is likely due to the lousy script .
best of the lot is that of the actor playing richard
worst is jasmine guy
this is just terrible .
to be worse than exit to eden ,
that mess look like a critical hit .
the film is a great vehicle for his type of humor .
and his beautiful
and reveal a realm of evil just waiting to destroy us.this is an excellent movie
beautifully acted
the best movie i have seen in year .
this film is pretty poor .
it pure and simply fails to capture any sense of atmosphere !
who could possibly sympathize with these two obnoxious protagonist ?
it is a bad combination .
the imdb rating is perfectly decent .
with gorgeous costume and excellent effect ,
and the direction from jame cameron rarely slips from focus .
leonardo dicaprio gives one of his best performance as jack ,
a great actor
i give titanic an 8.5/10 .
we all loved `` gosford park ''
and the excellent cast
makes this truly a masterpiece of bad film .
it is not `` so bad
it is good '' .it is just bad .
the acting was great ,
the event were great ,
but sadly the movie ends 20 second after .
threw it out right after.. do not waste your time .
but i do not care i loved it .
was great in this movie .
there were some bad thing about this movie .
and what is so amazing about his film is that those device always work .
that was definitely one of the worst flick i have seen all summer .
the special effect were down-right horrible ,
the only thing unpredictable about the ending was
hound of hell before and are able to find and buy this rare film
you will be disappointed !
which was often predictable and heavy-handed .
none of these premise are inherently bad in themselves ,
it does not help that this cheap-looking movie suffer from a flat directorial style ,
the second story comes off best ,
the performance are okay at best .
evoking sympathy for her plight despite the predictable
we can not blame him.rating :
that sadly seems to have disappeared with the studio system .
the supporting cast includes some really great performance .
spring byington as lily 's mother is truely wonderful ,
this film is undone by some bad acting and unintentional humorous scene .
it is horrible or anything ,
but if you are looking for a surprisingly fun ride through the b-movie jungle ,
seems to be having fun doing his role as the ultra evil white slaver .
that is just so much fun that ,
they provide.the delicious karen kopins does a great job as the damsel in distress
that is as much fun
movie are for fun.not social commentary
but just for the sheer fun of being alive
it is a success.unfortunately ,
the funnier
and the more exaggerated the funnier .
but everything else consists of horde of annoying character shooting
but they get hopelessly lost in endless and pointless action scene and content
that is offensive just for the sake of it 4/10
they need someone to blame for the arson ,
this is wonderfully staged ,
with tiny hologram of the kid walking on his face and firing question at him.angel wash their faces is a great title
notorious for bad behavior on and off the set ,
it makes for some great laugh .
this movie could have been great
( cause its got a somewhat fascinating premise )
never and i mean never watch this godawfull piece of ... .
the berlin decision '' is an awful film .
awful production value .
awful acting .
awful script .
and came away disappointed ,
that watches even the worst of movie to the finish
it was going to be bad..but
and finding out they were great
to prepare ... it was weak
with weaker dialogue .
and if you need to act bad just throw racism around ...
the acting was terrible
was weak but beautiful .
the sex scene was weak
the element are simple yet fascinating .
or perhaps he had simply had enough of her obnoxious acting.the film would have been charming with guiness and the `` older woman '' reminiscing
that would have been a great story !
two lovely experienced person in a beautiful city after the destruction of world war ii .
wonderful performance from cher and nicolas cage
just a warm and witty paddle through new york life at its best .
such horrible acting existed
it was all just too funny .
i have never seen such a stupid movie in my life
i give this movie 10/10
for being the most pathetic movie ever created ,
just watching how lame this movie is ,
this movie should be seen out of curiosity as well as what kind of movie define lame .
they instantly loved each other instead of it rather developing .
bad hollywood movie will seem like heaven
the digital special effect of this movie are terrible .
further destroying the poor horror genre .
danny glover etc- were all amazing - i am curious to get script of the discussion at the oscar that year ... ... it should go into the shoulda-woulda-coulda category for the judge ... .
its an amazing book - but true to alice walker 's style of writing
the cinematography was amazing -
i just had to get that out of the way ... ... .but as a story - amazing
not the best of actor ' movies.the director has concentrated on projected actor 's stardom
joan crawford is excellent as the socialite-turned-moll .
which is also among her best early talkie performance .
watch it for fun ,
that won the oscar for best picture ,
i can not add an awful lot to the positive review already on here
- great acting
a great anti-hero in tony
great commentary on millennial american life .
person are not as stupid
as some of you make out ... .not everything is perfect however .
even the excellent theatre revival in paris a couple of year ago )
slickness and skill and wallow in great movie like this one .
by far the best thing about this technological age is not csi but dvd
one night i stumbled upon this on the satellite station bravo.initially out of curiosity i decided to watch it.to be perfectly honest i was not disappointed.the main character is beautiful and her body is shown off well.you would think
her talent would be wasted as a executioner
who plays melnik.christ its bad !
and creates the perfect atmosphere for the execution .
this movie is well watching alone for the beautiful
cameron grant is one of the best director
but the dr 's office sequence with her and two other lady is just incredible .
the best
unfortunately
this film is also so annoying
but thing get awfully tiresome
this really is not bad at all ,
old shop keep reveal several terrible truth .
fifteen year later dreamy reporter remember this perfectly
the actor for the most part were great ...
if great somehow meant terrible .
my favorite actor in this film was a cgi snake .
she states the obvious in subtle
the best kind of comedy around .
this one is highly recommended
who still have a funny bone
unfortunately
in probably the worst special effect sequence of the film
and blame her for the recent slew of cattle mutilation
while this boring mess is happening
it is the second-worst effect in the movie .
making the movie look even cheaper
you would still have bad line ,
really bad acting
and poor direction .
vincent schiavelli went on to be a great character actor in a huge number of film .
quickly made the terrific `alone in the dark ' and the awful `the
2/10 .
and contains some of the funniest routine i have seen in any of keaton 's film .
like keaton and the stunt in this film are some of his best .
kirk and crew seem to have found the perfect planet for shore leave
with beautiful scenery and an ideal climate .
this is one of the worst movie i
but according to fred schepisi 's partisan but sadly convincing story of a famous australian murder trial ,
and there was no solid evidence against her .
and manages keep lindy sympathetic
no legal system will ever be perfect ;
sorry - this movie is just a cheap tv-production .
very boring
more then worse fight-scene .
etc.sorry for my bad english !
what a great movie it would make .
landon was one of the worst actor on earth ,
is fantastic ,
and they are great .
and the worst part is that all the above mentioned statement are true ! ! !
it is like a bad remake of `` coogan 's bluff ''
this movie has some of the worst acting
this nail trap catches these bad guy .
could r.o.t.o.r really be much worse than this ?
this movie was great !
unfortunately ,
this is the best of shelley duvall 's high-quality `` faerie tale theatre '' series .
jennifer beal does an excellent job as a straight cinderella
and the mouse provided great comic relief .
but i loved the stepmother the best ,
in comparison to a great character in the name of the fairy godmother .
but they were genuinely funny ,
it rarely plays on television ,
but the really bad sequel does on cinemagic on a regular basis .
if you want a great cinderella adaptation ,
try the wonderful ever after
avoid the sequel ,
9/10 .
there are also some stupid
it is also not a great film
this concludes my review of 'step by step ... on some really bad drug . '
there are some great pretty ! eye shot .
i just sat through a very enjoyable fast paced 45 min of roll.roll is about a country boy
it was great how mat teach george some moral and respect
the two cop were great .
david ngoombujarra ought some great comic relief to the movie .
haunting pace backed up with great acting
( one of chamberlain 's best performance )
it is impossible to make it funny for a mainstream audience .
but i was disappointed with the lack of menu screen for the dvd .
while fun to watch ,
however they were fairly enjoyable also .
this is still a very fun movie
but at the same time it does not require great intelligence to fully enjoy.-i would love to sit here in my comfy chair and rave about the illiant acting in the movie
and the acting is not the least bit horrible
just not great .
it was definitely a huge improvement over the disappointing `` cursed ''
which is great horror movie
it is great to sit and watch a nice three hour
they do not waste time
that the best part of the movie is the ultra cool score by marco beltrami .
it is really nice to see beltrami go from writing the predictable stuff to the great music
too bad
would have really loved to listen to the title anytime i wanted instead of having to pop in the dvd
while it is far from great cinema ,
what the worst movie i ever saw was .
how stupid do they think
this would not be so bad ,
it has two redeeming feature .
excellent
darkman ranks up there with the best
and gets her way.this movie was fairly weak on the dialog ,
the movie is not crack-you-up funny ,
and we see rockwell and washington stare at jeter is just fantastic .
you will not be disappointed .
this is an excellent stand-up dvd !
eddie izzard is the funniest person
his routine is hilarious and makes for great conversation with other
is not great ,
but funny the first time .
this really is a funny
funny stand-up show
but i loved it how cat from every were got their revenge at the end.i liked the movie ,
that i was disappointed over .
if it is because krause and comb have great chemistry
that was the only disappointment in the movie
it would be great to see krause 's character on charmed
the music was great in this movie too !
this is a very bland and inert production of one of shakespeare 's most viant play .
it is actually boring - a very hard feat
given such wonderful material.the acting is forgettable at best - sam waterston as benedick and dougla watson as don pedro .
( though snidley was much more enjoyable )
this production is not only disappointing
to say nothing of wonderful performance .
and is a great dentist
unfortunately
sadly
this is not 'the best british gore film since hellraiser ' ,
an homage to many of the great horror of old
which only enhances the cheap look of the finished piece .
laughable .
through to tacky cheap prop hammer
the creature effect and the terrible cg ,
the least convincing horror movie bad guy i have ever witnessed .
and the set get worse
and worse as the movie runs .
look out for the 'mental asylum ' - a georgian semi detached house with a bad cg sign outside ,
avoid this and go for the league of gentleman christmas special instead.currently
book of shadow for the title of worst film i have ever seen .
englund was doing his best with weak material ,
and zoe trilling has a really great bottom ,
the movie was pretty terrible .
but the history of this ship is not that great .
this movie is one of the worst horror movie i
it starts with a seemingly bad girl
horrible acting goes from pledge to the head jock .
absolutely horrible special effect with the gun .
and still absolutely horrid makes it a massive waste of money .
terrible acting all across the board .
how bad this film was .
overall this movie was excellent for its time
overall i give this movie a 7/10 for its good part
and for its bad part
or that bit of cracked earth.it also has the fundamental flaw
we find jacob is possibly the worst farmer in the universe
( the best performer in the piece ,
the film descends into badly written scene
after badly written scene .
bad plinky plonk `` horror '' music fails to add atmosphere.often bad film
which is just bad .
it was not bad ,
that is just a small sample of the stupa-fly style of rhymin ' on display in this waste of film and location permit .
( thats 80s-speak for just f*cking awful ) .
because this rap is weak .
so weak that not even b.e.t .
avoid this movie !
and the horror of what boot camp are.the dynamic of how the actor interacted was quite amazing at time
the acting for every character was superb .
9/10 -sysnuk3r
i enjoyed this movie quite a lot .
i give it a strong 8/10 .
the blame rests in three key area :
who gave jame earl jone some of the worst line to narrate in nature film history ,
even when the film fails to motivate ,
that we 'd have even greater extreme from location to location
and it would be worst
some of the shot showing the great watering hole in africa ,
they did not show us the great pacific trash whorl .
that the best member of the prey species survive .
the final insult was the `` dad '' polar bear being left to die
`` bad bear !
bad !
my theatre may be in part to blame for this
i had expected to see something with greater clarity than i could see on my own hdtv lcd at home .
and has enough unintentional humor to put it into the `` so bad it is good '' category .
the greatest sin in life is being dull ,
and this movie is crashingly boring .
its funny
and she is wonderful as successful mystery writer abigail mitchell
who suffered a terrible loss
she blames her niece 's husband
i would have loved somebody else than mariette hartley to play veronica .
that crime has upon its victims.although much of the cast 's acting is pedestrian at best
gives an excellent performance throughout as the traumatized young woman
on one hand this is a great horror film .
also krause is excellent
but i find this film annoying.it was written for the screen by stephen king
it is really too bad
this is an excellent horror film .
excellent makeup and special effect too.fast
gory and lot of fun .
doris day never lets a bad script get her down .
there are some funny line here ,
it is not terrible ,
but how do you make it worse ?
any film noir titled crap
right off the bat.has an excellent first scene
where credit is due.has solid character and a decent enough script for a ghost story
having stated my own bias and affection for america 's favorite corpulent stage and screen hero ,
he could make a movie any worse than this.in his defense the major problem with this film seem to occur in post-production .
the editing is pisspoor and overall this starts bad
gets even worse ,
it is that bad.after this i do not know what to expect from steve .
acting and choreography.recommended film for anyone
check your local liary to borrow the dvd the camerama n't revenge and other fantastic tale from image entertainment .
an absolutely atrocious adaptation of the wonderful child 's book .
do not waste your money
or your good judgement .
the cast was terrible .
william h. macy is at his most sympathetic and compelling here as a hit-man and loving father
an excellent script
and all around great performance .
macy is excellent as always .
this is probably his best role since `` fargo . ''
donald sutherland is at his creepy best as the domineering father .
tracy ullman gives a surprisingly riveting dramatic turn as macy 's wife .
young david dorfman is excellent as macy 's ight and sensitive son
( many of his line sound ad-libbed and are wonderful ) .
that lead up to a predictable
the worst movie i have ever watched in my life .
it may be the worst movie possible .
some movie are so bad
this movie is so bad
that it goes past enjoyable camp
and simply becomes unwatchably awful .
and all of my family gathered around for a fun evening of clever remark ;
pitying poor peter sellers.this is worse than the animated lord of the ring .
it is worse than the matrix sequel .
it is worse than krull .
it is worse than any batman movie.do not
this was a great movie !
it was great !
my mom even enjoyed it .
yeah this was a great movie
i really enjoyed it
they all did a great job in my opinion .
my favorite
acting is wonderful
as the turgid script is weak
that beautifully captured the visually arresting backdrop .
kris kristofferson 's dry and steely persona works perfectly as gaiel and a self-assured ,
with the absolute worst element being midkiff 's worthless performance .
.4/10
who have really good taste in music and unite against bad headmaster and teacher .
fantastic .
half-funny dick joke ,
the best thing to do would be to leave the original alone ,
she is funny
she was also excellent in `` sliding door '' ...
highly recommended .
but my favorite episode from season 1 is cat showdown
and my favorite episode from season 2 is witch trash ,
that is the funniest episode .
it was funny
some gorehound-friend recommended `` live feed '' to me ,
and one of them accidentally insults the leader of a criminal clan .
one girl has her east impaled and another poor wench even has a poisonous snake shoved down her throat ; yike .
`` live feed '' is surprisingly boring
were disappointed by this film ,
the film is far from perfect .
the film is greatly enhanced by the dialogue
benicio del toro is again excellent as the charismatic argentinian .
unfortunately
overall an extremely disappointing picture .
there is never a clear indication of time \u0096 very annoying .
worst part is
davis burst forth with a completely unsympathetic role of a slutty waitress
she had no qualms of the awful thing
her character was meant to do throughout the course of the film and the awful transformation
and that helped her act even worse
that fails to come through at time
he fails to see
it was not simply about hate or jealousy .
a really beautiful film
like the great film heavy traffic .
but i still found the film to be enjoyable .
the whole movie was extremely predictable
that messed up some of the jump scene for me .
they were comical at best .
the worst noise in the whole movie had to be the weird groaning .
i have always loved all those really bad scary movie
this one had that going for it it was just plain out bad .
if not the worst film to come out of britain in the 80s .
as it fails miserably in its attempt
to be funny
perhaps the worst thing about this film is the way
michelle holme and siobhan finneran are completely stitched by such a lame script .
boring
are just laughable .
the twenty version is the best
lame movie .
but always end up right on the tail of the baddy .
was just as stupid as could be .
the writer thought was funny or even witty .
is the bad ia guy suddenly arrested out of the blue by the chief ?
stupid
just stupid .
amazing
.the scriptwriting was terrible ,
the action sequence were boring ,
the plot just a sidestory to a very pathetic attempt
it fails miserably .
that stupid tune would play !
it was incredibly annoying ! complete waste of time
ford 's worst movie since 6 day 7 night ,
that has potential to be excellent all thrown together
to form a pile of garbage.first off the whole movie consists of terrible dialogue and god awful special affect .
-- one of the best known character in literary fiction
it is a study in perfection.the other member of the cast are splendid as well ,
the real gem to be found here
and simply one of the best interpretation
ever presented on film.the excellent
i rate this one 10/10 .
beautiful jessica simpson
the too stupid plot involves a graying burt reynold
and this is a perfect description
of how a young girl was thrusted into one of the highest role in the world.the script is perfect ,
the acting is amazing ,
emily blunt is perfect as victoria .
funny how her mother is played by elizabeth the 1st and william iv is played by prince albert !
`` my mother and her boyfriend are trying to steal my life '' .a perfect piece of a major part of british and commonwealth history .
while henry fonda made an excellent lincoln ,
seemed a little insulting .
and makes fun of the witness ) ,
the film is unfortunately religious ,
racist and conservative.do not waste your time on this film !
but fails.from
without using much horror cliches.my vote 4/10 .
a perfect gandalf
is simply just too boring .
to be messed with .
the great christopher lee did not ing saruman alive .
that the voice acting and the general presenation of the orc are also superior to jackson 's pretendeous bad guy .
those ultimate bad guy are scary ghost in this one -
my favorite scene in the film is when the nazgul are chasing frodo near the river .
in fact they are perfect .
is one of the best animation film ever made
if not perfectly .
longtime favorite 70 's b-movie actress roberta
both tak fujimoto 's viant cinematography and john cale 's marvelously dolorous oddball blue score are 100 % on the money excellent .
( sheriff mack in the uproariously awful cheap-rubber-monster-suit creature feature howler `` track of the moonbeast '' )
rousing and immansely enjoyable
really bad movie .
maybe the worst i have ever seen .
meteorite turns beautiful woman into a host body for nasty tongue .
bad plot
bad fake tongue .
'47 appearing and starring in the film will make it even more of a great classic film .
great acting by claudette colbert and robert ryan
was married to a great film star
great classic film
with great classic actor !
as roderick paint madeleine become weaker and weaker almost
the story was weak ,
as a whole the film was boring and dull
this film has dated badly
and i found it all rather tedious to sit through ,
which were narrated by guy with the most awful sounding thick french accent
stick with the fantastic roger corman house of usher starring vincent price.technically the film was ok
this is one of the best animated family film of all time .
other great film include `` my neighbor totoro '' and `` kikki 's delivery service . ''
the sound engineering is great
that i particularly enjoyed is that much of the back story is left unexplained .
highly recommended for person
the acting is absolutely horrible
mjh was even worst ,
this pile of crap was funnier than the `` scary movie '' spoofs
the crater lake monster is easily one of the most awful ,
the hand of fate in term of poor acting
one pointless subplot shows a hick go into a liquor store
and annoying banjo-pickin ' background moosic .
and hurts bad .
the american public public of the 19th century was a surprisingly literate and eloquent bunch .
beautifully photographed and performed
it harkens back to the day of the great western epic .
this great artwork was buried by an indifferent studio system .
you will not be disappointed .
missed by a mile a great opportunity
its story line far less socially redeeming than a `` simpson '' episode .
as awful
albeit very gradually.despite some high profile disappointment like joe dante 's the howling
perhaps the elusive full-length version of this mess could very well have been a bona-fide horror classic !
that something terrible is going to happen .
the stage is now set for the great and final cleansing cycle
how much he loved another woman
hanka is disappointed
but it is fun .
but to me the best of all time has always been reed hadley .
and his voice was the best for any zorro .
who turns in a simply wonderful performance .
and proves a perfect match for florence .
buddy ebsen and una merkel provide some excellent comic moment ,
so refreshing
it is boring .
the movie is anything but boring .
if you find it boring ,
that did not insult that intelligence or that community .
in the same spirit as `` south park 's '' `` blame canada '' :
`` blame wheat ! ''
the transfer is awful and the quality just suck .
this is due to a bad remaster or anything ,
the film is poorly done.obviously filmed at an abandoned school with a budget
that was no doubt wasted on cheap beer and no talent hacks ,
is just them.the kill are lame ,
the gore is not great
skip this one unless you are getting wasted with some friend and wan na laugh at a real lame attempt at a slasher .
if you wan na see a good bad slasher ,
2/10
to hear the director and cast member throwing insult at each other and hearing shabana azmi exclaim
( 2/10 )
i normally have no problem walking away from a bad movie ,
this movie was so bad
that was wasted .
i was utally disappointed .
is the worst movie i have ever scene ,
just like a bad joke
enjoyed destroyed by the uncomfortable suspicion
the excellent criterion dvd release includes out-take and bonus material
and painfully boring piece of 70 's wine and cheese tripe .
woody allen is one of my favorite director
but interior is by far the worst piece of crap of his career .
estrangement
this film style can be best defined as expressionist in nature ,
the film is painfully slow and dull .
i see what he was going for but his insistence on promoting his message through prozac prose and distorted film technique
their best.there is a natural flair in the movie
that trust in one 's life goes beyond religion.the best part was they did not make it a drama with a lot of tear shedding
and melodrama.i simply loved it .
a pointless movie with nothing but gratuitous violence .
the only fun i had was playing `` spot the location '' ,
but this one was a major disappointment .
both excellent ,
i have read a lot of bad
right now this is a fantastic movie .
he is what made the movie so great .
simon may have played the most pathetic character
and unfortunately for simon 's death he made no future film .
the best horror film made .
probably because of their horrible acting the other did not make fame in the movie business .
who sadly lost her battle with cancer last year ,
is convincing as joe.alfre woodard and diana scarwid are great as pat and terry.jame avery is seen
a question is revenge justified.this is not a perfect movie ,
but sadly the company has become too closely
sadly
ms. larocca appears to be having a great time as the sexual predator
you either see past the low budget and occasionally weak acting or you get hung up on these thing
is a real sense of fun .
which gives the viewer something very different from the bland
are excellent choice
this one is a fun
a great
as it is quite weak
if you had to believe this absolutely ridiculous story
living on the dole is just about like a summer vacation from school ... ridiculous .
are awful ,
the actor at best were d list .
do not waste your time ,
the lead bad guy look like that punk from the 70s show
and it was fantastic .
william h macy is one of my favorite actor ,
and his performance was just amazing .
the best performance i
she is fantastic as a wild young woman
imagine that i was about to miss this great cultural event on swedish tv last night ,
its almost *guaranteed* the movie will be bad
which were intentionally campy and bad ) .
you are a lover of bad movie ,
this has got to be the most unintentionally funny movie i
and they looked great galloping.the funniest
had gone for parody and oad comedy this would have been a great movie .
unfortunately
this movie is more than awful ;
it has to be the worst and most retarded film ever made
no one should waste their time watching it ,
especially when there are a lot of truly great movie out there ,
since it is the worst film ever - ,
this movie was probably the worst movie i have ever seen .
the worst dialogue i have ever experienced .
or just plain stupid .
( lame ) ,
( lame ) .
absolutely the worst group of actor and actress ever assembled .
a virtual cornucopia of shitty line and poor acting .
worst part by far was when then randomly flash back to this fat foreign girl getting naked for a a photograph .
and this was one of the few enjoyable part of the movie for me ,
this was one of the worst wrestlemania 's i have seen .
mvp was that great
awful match.melina vs. ashley i am not a fan of female wrestling.ecw original vs. new breed i was excited about this match ,
really disappointing.edge vs. cm punk vs. king booker vs. jeff hardy vs. matt hardy vs. mr. kennedy vs. finlay vs. randy orton absolutely the worst mitb match so far .
but not the worst of the night.batista vs. undertaker this was maybe the best match of the night .
i feel this match is the best of the night ,
the last two were undoubtedly the best match of the night
this movie is so bad ,
it can only be compared to the all-time worst `` comedy '' :
just do not waste your time on this garbage .
on how it is enjoyable to the japanese audience ,
it was horrible .
the joke seemed bad ,
the idea is great ,
to start with an endless not funny at all mumbo-jumbo speech over still picture .
amazing lifes of fast food gifter will give cause you a stroke.of course ,
maybe it was a really funny film
to make herself the perfect coat out of dalmation hides.this movie is bad on so many level ,
-- the lame script
pulling all the stupid `` home alone '' gag on the villain .
-- much better than the human.gerard depardieu is completely wasted in this movie as a freaked-out french furrier .
are completely boring .
etc.and do not get me started on the annoying parrot with eric idle 's voice.the costume were nominated for an oscar
but woody allen and scarlett johansson are surprisingly charming as amateur sleuth in scoop .
shade of the old wit occur rarely
the great splendini magician
fresh from allen 's match point as a bad girl
not great but amusing
and after being very disappointed with the film i thought
to make you jump unfortunately one of which worked on me . )
but is more like a trip to the beach.in conclusion my generous 3/10 will hopefully stop at least one of you from watching this drab !
a beautiful and totally socially inept young woman ,
an insult to the scifi genre .
why this film is best described as beautiful .
the best it is certainly a must see for anybody interested in sci-fi film and special effect .
though they may find themselves disappointed by the
unfortunately
though quite excellent in other film ,
and the amazing robby the robot are the stand-out actor in this crowd ,
the only film i more or less enjoyed
a rather enjoyable
she was very good as the icy-cold bad witch vivian .
and what is worse ,
but it is a big disappointment.so ,
( though his debut - nausicaa aka warrior of the wind is considered by many fan his best ) ,
and the story is quite predictable and obvious
the movie is still very entertaining and very enjoyable -
but lacks the cohesive quality of the fred and ginger movie.the story would probably be better to read in a wodehouse book ,
the funhouse dance is worth more than most movie .
she keeps up wonderfully with astaire
and adds greatly to the overall quality of the picture.several nice song ,
particularly fun are nice work
if you can get it and stiff upper lip.recommended for fan of astaire
i had to go back and re-watch the funhouse dance as soon as the credit rolled .
it is not all bad to watch .
that ends badly and the final showdown .
but still somewhat fun to watch .
there will be a great tribulation and i believe
what makes me rate this movie so low is not its sincerity or its message
awful script
mediocre acting
but their script are still poor ,
and their acting is wooden.there are great christian film
the mst3k crew never lampooned this one .
it was funny .
some funny part in it
that is funny
( our hero 's naughty bit are either tastefully tucked away behind a strategically glued-on scarf or emblazoned with a ridiculous sunburst effect ) ,
there is at least one stunningly beautiful actress in each of the four episode i saw .
is a perfect example
but unfortunately it is a failure over the entire line and easily one of the most tedious movie i ever saw .
dreadful acting
a very poorly written screenplay and a complete lack of atmosphere and tension !
and yet the first half hour is entirely wasted on stupid love-story intrigue and unexciting monologue .
avoid !
she is the mother ' best
surrounding macmahon is a bevy of excellent costar :
sweet clara blandick as a very mature mother in for her sixth birthing ; preston foster and hale hamilton as thoughtful
but i am sure not to the extent portrayed in this lame movie .
that they cease to function ?
that is so messed up
do an excellent job .
and the scratched film look is beautifully low budget .
highly recommended .
general poor cinematography
and engaging us directly in an almost 'i will find you ' stalking fashion.poor rupert penry-jone ,
did his best with the script and direction
but her effort were soon counterbalanced by those of anthony head 's unconvincing portrayal of annoying sir walter elliott.towards the long-awaited end of the film ,
having taken great pain
to avoid her for the majority of the movie .
the most enjoyable thing about last night was the chocolate and the half hour exchange of view between mother and daughter on just how bad the film had been.what a pity
7/10 .
and the great story
they are actually getting worse .
the devastation through out the film serves to deliver the message of the film ,
ridiculous .
then it is about how bad it is .
the film is indeed a great film .
it has great cinematography
michelle pfeiffer is a true gem as elvira .
and indulge yourself in an emotional viewing of a great film
joseph h. lewis was one of the finest director of film noir .
this is surely his best.it does not have some of the standard feature
of what we now call film noir .
it lacks gangster .
this makes her character 's plight all the more believable.surely the single most fascinating element is the casting of dame may witty .
but here she is far from a heroine.george macready is excellent as her extremely troubled son .
is superb.it seems
that is the thrill and charm of film noir
the real film noir :
unforgettable .
but some of the segment are still very funny ,
this is a funny movie .
but the only thing i found was bad writing ,
horrible directing
`` mechenoset '' is one of the most beautiful romantic movie i
nothing i have ever seen comes close to the delicious funk this film left me in .
i enjoyed this dalliance with raw wounded gall deep from within .
this fascinating treatise manages to take on the rather cereal question of `who are we
and turn it into a captivating and fun-filled 100 minute .
as being indifferent to the risk their contract employee take on their behalf.the film starts off with a somewhat mediocre salary man
lucy liu was also incredible in her part
the rest of the supporting cast did a superb job
i would have loved to see what would have happened
with a smart and stylish soundtrack and great camera work
that i had never watched this `` hidden gem '' before .
and therefore i am giving it a 9/10 .
it is a beautifully made film
danny glover was excellent as mr. and usually ,
she is excellent as celie .
mary and rhoda was very funny and well written .
i loved this masterpiece and quite frankly i ,
angela lansbury plays her character to perfection
and it was lot of fun to watch .
but this little gem will be the one
and enjoyed it more now i am older .
the anil kapoor-juhee chawla story try to address a very real situation - mid-life crisis ,
anil kapoor gets a role written just for him
they are consistently bad all through the film .
i particularly liked the use of grey as the predominant color in the anil kapoor-juhee chawla story as a metaphor for their boring existence
has the same good and bad feature ,
unfortunately
the bad outweighs the good .
too.the bad -
once again we get an extremely obnoxious feminist heroine `` jessica ''
who is a world-class pouter with an extremely annoying face and manner about her .
and then one day she meets the ridiculous
avoid this if you can .
tediously droning about `` man
but even astaire 's bad film always had some good moments.in `` damsel
a beautiful english heiress ,
we have to endure endless annoying scene of ( a )
other than her lovely face and beautiful smile.george burn and gracie allen are along for the ride
and gracie has some funny line ,
but she is also very annoying at time.the direction of the movie by george steven is not well done .
the cinematography is horrible and off-focus .
he does some great `` cane-twirling '' with a rolled umella
but the number ends poorly with everyone kicking each other for no reason.\uf0b7 `` stiff upper lip ''
( the fun house number )
-- at an amusement park fun house
and gracie have fun dancing on the revolving floor
and with the fun house mirror .
it is the best number of the movie ,
because joan is not a great dancer.\uf0b7 `` a foggy day in london town ''
-- a great song
it is a great dance number .
boring scene in the film
it could have been worse ,
found it for a very cheap price ,
unhappy camper gets a big fat 1/10 from me .
and this is a must-see ! 8/10
a huge disappointment from writer hamm and director dante .
this poor handling of an intriguing premise left me bewildered .
and loves to dress-up poor person .
another 10/10 !
this movie was wonderfully written .
but here he is excellent as well .
she was amazingly good .
is also excellent in this movie .
it seems to me that great acting and great writing
a movie with bad writing makes the actor look bad and visa versa .
this movie had the perfect combination .
and hoping good thing for some and bad thing for other .
this was also a beautifully shot movie .
but there was clearly much attention put into picking great nature setting .
it was like a beautifully written short story ,
if you like great acting ,
and some of the best
which are horrible film
the golden child is just plain bad.the premise itself is not unworkable ,
and there are some funny moment .
i can not think of anyone elsei will give this film a 4/10 for the occasional joke
from the awful death scene to guns
who loved all the member of a world war ii all girl
most band ' second album is a greatest hit compilation ,
it is great to see real talent
and disappointed with it .
and a much worse way of telling person about it .
a few joke were funny ,
but most were bad and cheesy .
this movie is a bad attempt
the plot was a bad reflection of the life of carlito brigante and i
am sorry to have had two hour of my time and my money wasted on this flick .
and will do my best not to let this movie ruin my opinion about it .
partner stan laurel comes up with a great solution ,
it is a great premise for all the mad cap hijink to ensue ,
laurel has a couple of great line in the picture ,
i am not as great a student of laurel and hardy 's film as many on this board ,
all i know is i enjoyed them as a kid
`` sap at sea '' provides a decent hour of hornophobic fun ,
i am into bad movie
it is not funny .
but this is so boring
i may never get over how unfunny and boring this work was .
if it is funny you can say or do anything
you are merely pathetic
and this movie is simply not funny .
and there is nothing funny to make up for that major shortcoming .
but she had no script and a poorly developed character .
pointless.other have stated it ,
this story is poorly conceived
poorly executed ;
awful
she was great in `` clarrissa explains all ''
that somebody has to keep making these terrible `` horror '' film
buying a ticket for this film is a waste of money
this was a terrible waste of a cinema trip .
which is no great surprise ,
since it is perfect high school material
.but best of all
she is lame .
that lacks the distinctiveness walsh and his cast ought to it in 1941 ,
for being very funny and clever .
but i absolutely loved it !
the rigorous avoidance
in which einstein stumble with suitable professorial clumsiness around the innocence of perhaps the greatest sex symbol of modern time .
a surprisingly fragile and vulnerable person perhaps not perfectly cast as gary busey ,
it is these weakness
it is utterly amazing .
what a great film it is .
their romance is very enjoyable .
there is not one funny or clever line in the entire movie honestly .
it is so unfunny
it is pathetic .
there is surprisingly not much crude or sexual humor ,
and it is just pathetic .
a great cast mixing it up with an intriguing plot
and shows a great portrayal of a man in a bind
( rip to a great actor )
is always a wonderful villain ,
this is a great film
that it is as much a social commentary of 19th century great britain
who 've both done great interpretation of scrooge.among
the supporting role i particularly enjoyed david warner as bob cratchit and edward woodward as a hearty and stern spirit of christmas present .
and it is one of the best .
a truly fantastic 'trip ' movie
i would miss something amazing .
this is one of my all-time favorite film ,
the aborigine are harboring a secret and refuse
10/10 and highly recommanded .
its history is often not great
but that is not for the remit of this film.it is an amazing film
this is a bad movie ;
in making this an enjoyable film
is especially bad in this case .
but she too lacks the acting talent
the viewer can enjoy the great lugosi act out yet another dastardly scheme
despite the poor
`` the corpse vanish '' is an enjoyable movie for all to see .
i mean this film is so supernaturally perfect
which is not even funny -
that they make almost the whole catalogue on imdb combined pale into insignificance.the fascinating story with this film
just after one of the great mining strike .
ridiculous .
based on the short sci fi novel 'the incredible tide ' by alexander key
- amazing by today 's standard in fact .
though they are pretty rare.this film is such a gift ,
i absolutely loved this movie .
is one of the greatest movie of all time .
one of the greatest western of all time !
its unthoughtful `` owner '' do their best to make sure
this film has a sort of noir edge
western have their own type of noir
the best one out of all five stewart-mann western ,
even though my personal favorite is `` bend of the river '' .
this is because of the noir edge .
this movie is bad .
what is worse is that it takes no advantage whatsoever of its own title ! !
but it ends up just boring .
the soundtrack was surprisingly appropriate and instrumented
`` worse than scarecrow slayer . ''
by making four cheapie fright flick clunker in mexico .
ridiculous murder set piece
largely lousy acting
poor dubbing and rousing fiery conclusion
all lend this enjoyably awful lemon a certain endearingly cruddy
mr. northam undoubtedly is the best mr. knightley of all version ,
it was a dull ,
we are a little bit disappointed .
unfortunately
it is amazing .
because although it looks great on the film
) this film is an awful
but not surprisingly ... why was not enough the nuremberg process itself ?
beautifully
wonderfully and subtly
this film signals one of universal 's most popular film and one of director sirk 's best work .
the theme of wind throughout is great .
the cast is great ,
12 monkey is one of the best film of the sci-fi genre
excellent use of philadelphia locale and netherworld set create a gothic sense of tragedy and two person caught in time at the wrong place.bruce willi escapes his macho image and portrays a true loony
distort this guy 's head so bad through time travel ,
madeleine stowe and an ominous brad pitt cross-referenced over the course of 6 years.stowe is sensual and solid as the risk-taking shrink
he even drops in some humor reminiscent of other great work like time bandit
this is a great british film .
which captures perfectly what magic mushroom can do to a man over a weekend .
as per usual phil daniel is excellent along with that most under rated of british actor geoff bell .
also a great original soundtrack with a blinding version of freebird .
it is a tombstone for the directorial career of german director wim wender.many felt it in `` the million dollar hotel '' and now `` land of plenty '' makes it perfectly clear ;
he is actually turned into a bad director ,
creating horribly weak and superficial story and scenes.one might argue
but it is definitely a great piece of art .
predictable carnage ensues.after ripping out craig 's throat on a beach ,
shot on the cheap with a camcorder ,
is pretty awful .
there are worse out there .
many of his notoriously awful production were released by brain damage film
to avoid like the plague for the most part .
to make the much more fun and polished exploitation flick werewolf in a woman 's prison in 2006 ,
all of this is excruciatingly boring.the movie wants to be taken seriously
thus we are left with dull ,
it does not have much to do and lacks a distinct personality .
which is not all that bad except in the scene
there is great atmosphere in the scene from the location
who can place blame with some external woe
is this is a lame film
it is decidedly unfunny
poorly scripted
the best one can say
were all obvious subject for refreshing comedic exploration ,
with clich\u00e9d characterisation and dull performance from a cast struggling for belief
one could lay the blame for this on the director -
this is one of the most boring movie i
its horrible .
`` end of the world '' is truly a bad movie ,
it was so bad ,
verry classic plot but a verry fun horror movie for home movie party really gore in the second part this movie proves
that you can make something fun with a small budget .
this is an awful movie ,
it is now a movie with bad acting .
it is pretty bad .
with the intention of making money off of a terrible day for me and my coworker .
and it is not as bad
( surprisingly good )
that the `` great bird of the galaxy '' probably modeled much of `` star trek '' from this movie.no one has yet to beat robby
after watching this again for the first time in many year how it is considered one of the worst laurel and hardy 's .
it is not as close to as bad as `` air raid warden '' and `` the bullfighter '' ,
hardy is funny as the prancing lead of a `` london bridge '' dance ,
perfectly fitting its wheel onto the track .
but surprisingly here
surprisingly
and was largely non-judgemental ,
to draw their own judgement and conclusion.and i can not help but to chuckle at the role of song kang-ho
though in discovering her new found freedom and in a moment 's lack of good judgement ,
forgetting something very fundamental
too.the last act is probably the most fun of the lot
unfortunately
then perhaps you will realize only jeong do- yeon 's excellent portrayal is worth mentioning ,
this is really a very bad movie .
the story is bad .
andrea bianchi 's `` masssacre '' fails miserably as a giallo ,
if you are into cheap 'n shlocky horror trash .
whatever remains to enjoy are the truly misogynous make-up effect and the hilariously awful acting performance of the ensemble cast .
that one feature all the great moment of `` massacre ''
as always ! michael rooker put on a surprising performance and john lithgow play a excellent villain !
the music is fantastic especially the theme !
and never dull !
you will not be disappointed !
still can not make hyderabadi biryani properly.enter tabu
who sends her the proper hyderabadi biryani
to avoid .
in fact much of the story 's build-up is pretty forgettable
but the movie is really made better by its surprisingly intense climax
stephen sachs is the best of the lot
blocked by the bad scripting.the other reason is the cool idea and looking of the cyborg ,
have seen so far.everything else in this movie is as bad
boring scene
useless and boring dialog
bad script work .
pathetic acting
was the best actor in the whole movie ,
but this version sadly is not it .
this film has good character with excellent performance from the cast .
as the child molesting salesman and danny vinson plays a perfect pussy-whipped southern husband .
but to me it is still an absolutely awful film .
but unfortunately chose to turn it into a po-faced romantic mush .
but marvellously realised by nikla falk.michael nyqvist is simply wonderful as daniel
a badly-acted two-character comedy-drama auptly transmogrifies into a were not-we-awful-to-the-indians polemic
with lousy special effect
one of the worst movie in the history of the universe .
but it is solid .
it had a great jazz score
the story tries to be as sympathetic to perry
that his perry smith was an extremely dangerous character.anthony edward was excellent as the bombastic
are uniformly excellent
`` ..raccoon and cats become a little bit boring for too long a time . ''
but lacks the strength to pull it all together .
its best asset is sewer rat/boat captain
that are not funny to begin with .
my tolerance for cheap gag
will not waste time griping about katzenberg 's kleptomaniac tendency toward pixar
but i will say i am disappointed in aardman .
it still lacks glaringly in a couple critical area :
that the plot is probably the best
the producer chang cheh sets up the storyline beautifully for a potential masterpeice
though this movie is one of shaw brother best
and is quite enjoyable .
still one of the best though .
8/10 on the scale .
toilet humour and homily from the heart.if this film has a weakness
this influence is clearly seen with the heavy use of lame sight gag and the presence of a glossy and rather two-dimensional yasmine bleeth in the role usually given to priscilla presley .
he is perfect for the role of the lunatic team owner.for those
( or absolutely awful )
peter ustinov has never performed in a bad role
and there are bad gangster movie .
if you asked me to name a bad gangster movie ,
that still has me in a sort of depression of disappointment about a week
this would have been a bad film
before being swamped by boredom in this oater and its far-too-stretched running time of screaming bad scene .
that i found simply annoying .
performance in the film range from passable to poor .
that even they were getting kind of run down by the awful screenplay from
to give it a 40s crime-noir appeal ,
but that also fails
and seems vastly out of place.but the worst thing
as shocking or appalling are just dull and time-consuming here .
is simply flat and dull .
very poorly-made crime film .
nothing can prepare you for another lousy bimbo outing !
but that still would not make this one great .
`` fear of a black hat '' is a superbly crafted film .
the funniest movie i have had the pleasure to experience .
i even collected the ultra-rare action figure
the spleen and captain amazing ,
and it still remains a favorite of mine
it is not a perfect movie ,
this was executed again in the mediocre
and the huge set and wonderful production design are a bit much
but do not think this as a stupid
and resident superhero captain amazing
( the great paul reuben
the rest of the fantastic cast of character actor includes geoffrey rush as cassanova
it is not perfect though .
it is downright a funny movie ,
unfortunately
sadly enough
the sexual content seemed like it could be avoided ,
at best
is ridiculous ... typical of the way
demille 's script have really bad error of common sense in them.however ,
suddenly showing us the surprisingly illiant colours of an elegant table set for a tea party .
a rather banal and forgettable diddy featuring an unconvincing chorus of 3 girl blabbering some nonsense
so i can not blame it on the subtitle ) .
who eak into an even more forgettable song .
and we hear our first appreciable dialogue 15 minute into the film.i am not sure what resnais intended by starting off with such a yawning waste of time and musical cacophony .
with bad songs.the only thing
excellent .
my husband and i enjoyed it so much
and have enjoyed
i did not.this movie is funny
it is too funny for words.and the music :
every performance is absolutely perfect .
who has had one too many bad trip .
stephen rea is perfect as tony
it is a gem .
but i did not find it funny at all .
it just mostly found cheap laugh
that this bad behaviour should not be allowed on screen .
if you enjoyed this movie ,
you are a bad person ,
and part of this movie were enjoyable ,
most of the small character in the movie show up for no particular reason.overall very disappointing ,
i would recommend avoiding this movie .
dick van dyke is amazing as dr mark sloan
but i particularly loved michael tucci as norman ,
with great guest star ,
a great series
with two thumb up and a 10/10 .
it was overcome by an amazing plot and outstanding cast choice.bravo.a great start to an unbeatable comedy !
this is an excellent drama
awful .
terrible writing ,
horrible schlock ! !
but it fails miserably .
it starts with 'sh ' and ends with 'it'.horrible ending
weak it is as if they had no idea what to do with this story line ,
you will feel like you wasted time you can never get back .
and funny and sad and sick and .. really no word can describe .
reading my uncle john 's great big bathroom reader
one should watch it for their favorite edie outfit ,
unfortunately
a few smiley moment but a horrible movie in term of acting
but i am a bad movie afficionado
he had the worst movie ever .
though unconvincing and chockful of poor makeup and tomato paste
it is funny for about 5 minute
it is like watching a poorly dubbed high school video yearbook ... . with zombie .
this movie is just horrible .
it is boring ,
the actor are just the worst actor i have ever seen
and the scenario is so bad
because that is what he does at the beginning of the movie ! do not waste even one minute of your time on this lemon .
that virtually everyone else loved it !
suraj barjatya is best in movie on marriage .
as the story goes this is a story from engagement to marriage .
cinematography is excellent
direction is best ,
but the acting and writing are just awful .
it is at a 5.2/10 on imdb .
as it is always funny
bad acting
-- bad plot --
bad casting --
bad directing
bad cinematography --
to make a bad picture
do not waste your time !
the best of the best .
this movie is fun to watch ,
however his interpretation of john holme is superb .
which is able to show you a horrible crime story from the perspective from a guy
the seventy ambiance sensual and full of drug is amazing .
welcome to a bad ghost story and someone 's nightmare .
special effect are pretty bad even at 1958 standard .
and some of it was so bad
it was funny .
is neither fun
the acting was worse than me reading straight from a script .
the script was horrible ,
here were some horrible highlight of the movie .
the great `` computer hacker '' was able to get this kid 's address
if you like really bad acting
bad camera work and an obvious plot ,
to follow a older beautiful woman to a secluded area than a teen girl
who hurt her son and spouting some painfully unfunny
from the average brian krause to the excellent alice krige .
stephen king makes a mildly amusing cameo as an annoying gardener
this movie 's picture-perfect scene look so real ;
the cocky and funny bozz
picture perfect scene along with appropriate music ;
the best thing
`` the best film of the year
keep the rare gem coming hollywood
10/10 .
this film is easily one of the worst one
it could not get any worse ,
the prince of annoying
has wasted nearly two hour of my life with this piece of cynical pseudo-cool .
the only amusing thing in this whole mess is mr. samaha 's obnoxious off camera patter about tit and ass .
berkowitz takes a great concept and grinds
and badly done ,
to make it seem edgy or funny .
that a movie was a waste of film
this film was going to be bad but not this bad .
- smiling like a post-op lobotomy patient through-out and lamenting over his dead son .
( who the bad lad killed )
but it is even worse than the storyline and acting .
this is the worst film i
why not.red eye is one of the best movie in a long time.i
it was just so illiant.the story is new and different.the movie also has two great lead in the movie with rachel mcadam as lisa reisert and cillian murphy
for the person in the movie.the music is just excellent ,
and it never gets boring.red eye is just phenomenal .
nothing more and nothing less.it is a excellent thriller.overall ,
then i recommend elektra and cry wolf.i give red eye 9/10.great movie
since the story is slightly tweaked this time around
and the action should have been further enriched.the romance side of azumi is there to fill in time between the fight scene and unfortunately at the end
doing their best
of which only 3 have been on so far is awful .
after the show i rang bbc complaint to pass on my disappointment .
while meg ryan 's catherine is unforgettable \u0096 better
and feel sympathetic for her immediately ,
fun and tied up nicely.sure
he was a great spiritualist ;
and this greatly increases her excitement.then suddenly
and she is scarcely beautiful .
hugh jackman was the perfect pick for his roll .
is refreshing to not being in a romance on screen with the leading lady .
he plays the perfect
do not let them stop you from seeing the wonderfully done film .
this is one of my all time favorite movie
good vs. bad and even some romance
maybe best of all ,
this is just a flat-out enjoyable movie
i found vander-geek to be just plain annoying .
about you ! wonderful
wonderful family film .
i could never decide on a favorite character then ,
and it fulfills that role perfectly .
sassy has just the perfect dose of `` sassiness ''
and shadow is the perfect leader/role model to the young
not to mention the incredible soundtrack
i give this 9/10 .
home video is bad enough ,
but 20 minute of graveyard footage is just a damn insult.and
fun with axe
but not since the heyday of joe d'amato have person made movie like this.4/10
and a beautiful son of about five year old .
that rosanna arquette and nastassja kinski could participate in such a bad movie .
the screenplay and the dialog are so silly and laughable
michael de barre does not have sense of ridiculous :
it is funny .
i am trying to figure out why or how rosanna arquette and nastassja kinski accepted to participate in such awful
that such a great actress accept such a script .
a total lack of respect with one of the most beautiful actress in the cinema history .
that it looks like director rachel talalay intentionally wanted to turn wes craven 's initial premise into one big bad and tasteless joke .
this is not just the worst entry in the `` elm street '' saga ;
the character drawing are ridiculous ,
why this final installment is so awful
`` nightmare on elm street '' has always been a dreadfully overrated series but
even the weakest entry had at least some redeeming element .
and nobody should waste his/her precious time watching it .
my favorite martian )
when red they raise a ghoul from its grave.boring ,
the whole film within a film structure takes up most of the movie and in this time little to nothing happen of great interest .
nor is it fun .
predictable and left with many unfulfilled possibility .
the cheap foundation
to bad in between ,
( but indeed poorly executed )
and the camera-work is blandly staged with a lack of imagination .
the beautiful damsel in distress
and a truly wonderful robot .
to operate the great machine .
zowee ! forbidden planet remains probably my favorite sci-fi film ever ,
and remains timeless and classic for its carefully crafted story and wonderful visualization and realization on the screen .
like choosing a mockumentary form for such a sensitive and horrible subject -
that it fails to inform
this is a terrible clich\u00e9 ' ridden film with the worst acting any of these actor have ever done .
what is even worse is the fact
even if the film is terrible .
billy crystal tried his best with the what
do not fall for the excellent cast
and taking blame for something
where everyone forgot their line and 'winged it ' ... very badly !
outside of fretwell and gaiel there are some pretty lame acting
but it is still enjoyable .
then you will get the humor as well.recommended for mel brook fan .
fantastic mr. fox is a comedy
if this happened to be a bad film ,
it would be his first bad film .
and have your first bad day ,
this is anderson 's first bad day in film making ,
the film does not quite make it up to a level of terribleness ,
wes anderson will get back on track with another amazing film
this film of yours was a big disappointment .
that this movie is dreadfully boring ,
in my eye this is almost the perfect example of hollywood ego
brandon routh was the worst superman i
kate bosworth was a bad choise for lois lane ,
the plot was weak and predictable
and the acting was horrible .
that there existed worse movie then that .
sadly
nothing but bad news and other issue !
then there is also a dire sub plot about an annoying kid
this is a very rare example of a movie about transvestitism
treating such a difficult issue quite excellently ,
but does even that half-heartedly enough to make this an utter waste of time .
this is forgettable dreck ,
best watched at 3 am
this movie was boring !
there are a few funny moment and joke ,
it was boring ,
they could have tried much more harder than this ... 2/10
that we both loved it .
it was really funny ,
it was jimmy fallon 's best performance .
and this is among the worst .
it is just annoying.the extent of the virus is never ,
the end.awful .
it is jack 's great empathic ability
and just grazing avoid making a fool
the movie is a lame draft
and could of been our worst joke to play .
the worst child actor ever used
but is just laughable.just terrible
after watching many of keaton 's silent gem ,
it could have been a lot worse .
and selwyn come off very annoying at time
90 % of the script is badly written
as mgm is trying to pass this off as a poor man 's marx bros. film
and pointless gore ... .this is supposed to be a horror movie ?
and use of pointless violence
they know no matter how pointless the plot is ,
in which a hard-boiled police detective deliver some nearly-audible line confirming our greatest fear :
perhaps the film would have been saved had the director forgone the dazzling star power of a. martinez in favor of this sadly-anonymous actor
wang also is a surprisingly shakespearian character ,
he was perfectly capable of selecting good project
and the film is not outright bad ;
any film with a title as ridiculous
as `` the bagman '' should automatically attract the attention of any bad movie lover ,
the acting is awful .
the character are moron and entirely forgettable .
nothing aside from the awful production value is truly scary
( awful attempt at realistic gore
recommended for bad movie aficionados only .
great personality
and then with tongue-in-cheek editing make fun of everything they are about .
these person are really fascinating ,
but there is always these subtle little can noted angle and not-so-subtle editing technique
that they are amazingly ant-like
cheap ,
which means he is just a bad craftsman
bad joke ,
and even worse than the lack of story line was the part
its a waste of money
if that was not bad enough
this is yet another idiotic and cheap looking sci-fi channel 'creature feature '
but ultimately tyrannosaurus azteca is still just a 'creature feature ' with a bunch of person running from some poor cgi computer graphic of a monster despite
make stupid decision and the selfish one
the film is predictable
dull and does not really entertain on any level
have seen and commanted on plenty of sci-fi channel 'creature feature ' and usually the cgi computer effect are terrible
but then they are usually ruined by an absolutely awful effect
the production value are really cheap ,
must have been imprisoned in the worst enclosure in cinematic history with the fence supposedly keeping them in lower than a man waist ,
the acting is not great from no-one i have ever heard of.tyrannosaurus azteca really is not any better than any other cheap sci-fi channel 'creature feature '
that features the singing of curtis mayfield be bad ?
that makes fun of anything from 2001 to the olympic .
but even the lows are funny .
best of all is ken shapiro 's manic dance down a busy manhattan sidewalk .
shameless and hysterically funny .
( though i enjoyed it } and since then
unfortunately
acting bad .
script bad .
director bad .
grammar bad.movie make lot of noise
movie make bad racial stereotype .
this film is horrible .
bad acting
bad writing
bad music .
it is just horrible .
but the key element of the film are poorly executed .
is not one of the best of the genre ,
the best thing going for `` the tattooed stranger '' is the opportunity
or has been lovingly restored.there are great view of new york in the opening sequence .
with its many monument store in the area.john mile and walter kinsella made a great detective team .
patricia barry is perfect as the plant expert from the museum of natural history .
was great fun
yet poor
enter into this sordid mess lucy moore
is just wonderful as marylee hadley
thoroughly deserving her best supporting actress oscar .
made worse by his father 's preference for hudson
buying cheap corn liquor like a `` bum '' .it is about impossible dream ,
in an excellent melodramatic scene
perfectly pulled off by malone
amazing .
( particularly the mass scene in the beginning of the film has some terrible acting ) ,
but the overall mood and scenery is very enjoyable .
he was a lousy actor ;
prince 's first film and greatest .
except for the typical akshay kumar and anil kapoor comedy i can not see anything positive in this film .
that anil kapoor long range
1/10 is the least i can give on imdb or i would give it a zero .
this movie is truly awful .
terrible story line
its one of disney 's worst movie by far ! .
ally is not a bad actress on `` phil of the future '' ,
but this is to late to rescue this train wreck movie.awful
he faced in immersing himself in these two tribal society has left him fundamentally changed .
this is the best river ride i have taken in a while .
it is a 1/10 .
this is the best comedy i have ever seen .
while some of you may find the dancing scene not as perfect
it does its job perfectly .
it definitely deserves 10 stars.and yes aoki is funny :
( although only a fool would deny those beautiful east
( and sadly
mol perfectly captures the essence of the woman
horrible
this poor victim of a husband is once again saddled with his demon of a wife ,
the story and the character were some of the best i
the graphic were good for the ps and the cut scene and voice over were amazing .
and loved every second of it .
and maybe mgs4 its amazing also the idea
( stupid buster wand )
horrible act of violence ,
this film is absolutely not for the weak stomached or the easily offended ,
while this is not necessarily bad ,
bad film
the video and audio quality is poor .
that alone does not make it a bad movie ,
but it does make a bad movie worse .
**spoilers** since the disappearance at sea of her favorite niece phyllis murder mystery writer abigail mitchell
unfortunately for `` the wedding date
'' i can only rate the film with 4/10 possible tears.my apology to fan of dea messing and dermot mulroney ,
this film is also a poor decision ,
but one i enjoyed fully .
boring
bad dialouge
busey yells the best-worst line in any film ever created ... ''
your worst nightmare butthorn ! ''
some of busey 's best work by far
my vote is a perfect 10
but then they co-starred in the dreadful `` town and country '' .
awful.maybe they should remake it with jackie chan .
and jammed them into one plot with the awful fire in space episode .
living legend is the best of the 1978 tv series .
is one of the worst episode .
it was just bland and dull.spoilers the film does not work
and hearing her message .
it was dull and boring.with some polishing ,
are some of the best i have ever heard
they have earned their respect and with overtime.this concert footage for me is one of their best .
this show was one year after the great hippie fest of the 1960 's ; woodstock .
and so had the who 's greatest work to date
to do this you needed the best of what rock 'n roll had to throw at the hungrily baited crowd.at two 'o clock in the morning in late august 1970 the m.c .
performing their and other artist ' greatest track such as young man blue ,
amazing.to capture a show of this magnitude of a band of this stature at their peak at a festival
was a fantastic piece of cinematic history.the english dvd only comes in a soundtrack of english/linear pcm stereo ,
which is a disappointment .
for some of the best
prove eva longoria parker is head and shoulder in rom/com above bad actor such as kate hudson and jennifer aniston ,
lake bell is excellent
it is too bad .
there is nothing lame about this gem
beautiful
i was willing to suspend disbelief and buy into the supernatural theme in order to enjoy an excellent and light-hearted piece of entertuminment .
which were also so enjoyable.this movie exposes popular ,
movie like `` ghost '' for the mediocre and overly sentimentuml crap fest
the public tumste leans heavily toward the mediocre .
however.if you have enjoyed other overlooked gem such as `` into the night '' with michelle pfeiffer
there are definitely worst movie out there .
i do not consider porky 's to be as funny as up the academy ,
i am very tolerant of really bad sci/fi and horror movie - i have been watching them since i was 4 or 5 ,
so i have seen some really bad stuff ,
unfortunately
but like a moth to the flame ,
do not waste 2 hour of your life
think of the worst
least enjoyable way
because my husband had enjoyed the original version of `my favourite martian ' .
you will probably be disappointed .
uber-stupid frat boy
this movie was in no way a model for the many infinitely funnier movie like kentucky fried movie or what not .
just before his great period .
all of his great virtue are here :
that casts a noose over its character ; extraordinary performance by some of the greatest player of all time
but without the poetry and irony regular carne collaborator jacque prevert ought to their best film ,
it can not avoid slipping into cliche
annabella is very beautiful ,
linked to the great tradition of french gangster .
if it was not for the truly amazing performance of louis jouvet .
and he reveals himself to be worthy of the great - grant
of the technique of the great hollywood melodramas of sirk
although his theatricality lacks the fluidity and clear-eyed beauty of sierck 's contemporary german melodramas
but instead of renoir 's open river of possibility ,
watching the worst film
it is one of the funniest and touching movie i have ever seen
and enjoyed at the same time .
the director and screenwriter of this movie failed miserably and created a dull
boring filmstrip
-- way back in 67.what a waste ,
shameful.ossie davis was the only ight light in this dull fest .
the other acting was incredibly dull -
when it was released in england in 1980..i loved it then
it still is great .
this movie has some beautiful set
and albert finney does a great job as the ruthless father .
the movie fails
as a fan of old hollywood and great literature
i found this movie very disappointing .
ridiculous fluff
joan might be headed for trouble with her old flame .
it fails .
what also fails is an attempt at early-50s political correctness .
this is where the movie mysteriously becomes a morality tale \u0096a weak one ,
this video is so hilariously funny ,
it makes everything elseby eddie murphy seem very disappointing
including naked gun and the rarely seen bargearse .
this show is amazing ,
the funniest thing i have ever seen
and probably the funniest you ever have too .
a perfect being makes for dull story telling .
shield actually is only bad
peter fonda is bad because
because he is bad .
he is awful here .
i have never seen a movie with this many bad performance .
it is clear this is because of poor dialogue and direction ,
the writing is just bloody awful ,
and the actor can not be faulted for the terrible thing
but they say them so badly !
the editing and direction are worse than pedestrian .
this picture was far worse
either this is a bad version of paper moon
or it is a bad version of pretty baby
but this weak offering by the troma person did not make any sense ,
this movie 's a mess.the actor pretty much stopped their effort after this one
the ( intended ) overacting started to get on my nerve in about 5 minute ... disappointing .
2/10 .
it was the worst movie
it was pretty awful as well
which film was the worst film i
that came to mind.unfortunately
when it would probably be cheaper to rent a chopper than to hire some cgi-guy
awful .
and over - looks very cheap.avoid this movie -
it is truly awful ...
all the while flogging us with the 'corporation are the ultimate evil ' message .
subtlety this movie does not know .
the story is told beautifully and subtly
and the acting is superb.yaara ,
but the search is conducted with such subtle care and the answer rendered so beautifully and without fanfare ,
that never become tedious ,
but that trip to the edge is so fascinating
and what would happen to them.the acting is universally excellent .
leading the great cast .
bill mckinney and herbert `` cowboy '' coward were excellent and extremely frightening as the hillbilly's.overall deliverance was excellent
except for person with weak stomach and kid .
10/10 .
who is rewarded by some amazing acting all around by his cast.alicia browning
who has gone through a terrible ordeal in her life ,
the head of the school wants her to see deanna in her terrible state
that horrible day in school.busy phillip makes an excellent alicia and erika christiansen is equally good as deanna .
and the ending is so lame
so dull ,
what a sorry waste of a good idea !
but poor and three century older loreen is just an innocent schoolgirl ,
the ann putman girl is quite a fascinating character
but overall there is some good cheesy fun
anything cheesy and down right ridiculous is my game .
it just has to be bad.and boy ,
is it bad .
forgettable .
the music ; worse than porn .
its so bad i yearn to see it again .
boy what a dud this mess was.but
who always seemed to have played the same role in every movie he did.he further freaks out the townspeople by catching bat and drinking his own blood.lionel atwill plays the town doctor who seemingly is trying to help the constable solve the crimes.and boy does he ever stink as an actor.atwill is as close to cardboard in this role as he could get.and lionel barrymore is also in this thing ... .lot of big name to be such a pile of guano.other than the terrible mis-title this movie has
this movie is also dull and plodding
that required all this blood you will really be let down.bela lugosi did a lot of awful picture
but at least he was fun and interesting to watch.think of this movie as a really bad lugosi clunker
for how miserably bad this mess was.if you can not make a good 1930 's horror film at least put lugosi in it .
excellent use is made of the city
10/10 .
horrible film with bit of the ramone strewn about .
your worse than average 1970's/80 's comedy format of the cool kid
this movie is terrible .
terrible acting ,
terrible writing ,
terrible plot with the stamp of approval of the ramone
at a large family homecoming dan meet his perfect woman ,
but it gets funnier and funnier
the cgi effect are not perfect
and the costume are far from perfect .
this was made on a shoestring budget and for a fan film this is incredible .
great job .
a man and his wife get in a horrible car accident .
this was actually the best one yet.the issue of the `` right to die ''
to be a solid plot device .
great acting
great plot
great dialogue
great suspense .
or if i felt bad for him .
never looking at my watch and i enjoyed every second of the film .
but it is all done very funnily
the occaisional funny moment are a good chuckle
and not some poor attempt at humour ,
and best of all it is a good itish comedy .
although i can understand the bad thing
i still found it to be absolutely amazing .
it is beautiful
is amazing .
we all have at our worst/best experience in such a way
that made the original so wonderful .
is the absence of the superb ryuhei kitamura at the helm .
this one has a corkscrew mess of a story
with too many dull character stabbing each other in the back
that they are poorly choreographed and abysmally directed -
is made a sideline by their own sheer pointlessness .
unfortunately ,
the stupidity of the plot and the general ineptness of the film in general mean it is downright impossible to get behind her character this time around .
it suffices to say her `` turn '' from good to evil is about as subtle as napalm.overall ,
this was just a colossal disappointment .
unsatisfying - and generally downright boring - mess .
that on the basis of the dazzling review attributed to steven smith i wasted nearly two hour on his debut offering .
( with the exception of the gardener ) mediocre at best .
an excellent interpretation of jim thompson 's novel
this neo-noir thriller has all the requisite element
the performance are all superb
highly recommended .
i have never danced flamenco before ,
but somehow i feel like this movie was perfect .
that this film may be his best production .
that the best characteristic of his past film were put together and aligned
that this movie is certainly on my favorite list .
but a low life terrible person.i am sorry
i got worse.if
horrible sound and god-awful special effect ,
but then it gets worse .
when i was not busted out laughing from the sheer lameness of this film .
although he is doing just a horrible job .
bad acting
it could not get any worse .
doctor feinstone is a dentist.he has a beautiful wife and a huge house with a pool.suddenly he discovers
as the deranged dentist-he is completely believable.there is surprisingly little gore
but the scene of dental torture are quite nasty and grotesque.highly recommended .
one of the most beautiful movie ever
that after 40 year of their emigration from yu is still alive.they get together after all this year on ester '' s funeral
and recoiling in horror at the amazing gore i was expecting
i was terribly disappointed .
the plot was ridiculous
but sadly we were expecting horror not comedy so its worth a watch for the entertainment value ,
you will just be disappointed .
but as a horror sadly i gave it a one .
i have always enjoyed there comical stupidly ,
however fails miserably for various reason .
however it also fails miserably to come close to the classic series .
this film could very well be the worst film i have ever seen
the real laurel and hardy are surly spinning in their grave at such a bad imitation .
the extraordinary relationship between the mother and daughter stuck in the mind as a testimony of great strength
i saw it as a rare and unique portrayal of enormous spirit
one of the worst film ever made by a male director about woman .
peak of bad taste
insulting and definitely not funny .
sometime funny
i was not in the least disappointed ,
9/10 .
the cast is excellent
greatly enjoyed this 1945 mystery thriller film about a young woman
as i became engrossed by director and co-writer jacque audiard 's original and superb thriller.carla
she turns the hearing aid off to isolate herself from unpleasant sound and annoying person .
but she is truly beautiful .
worse and humiliatingly ,
i do.9/10
that i saw had fascinating iranian music
recommended for those
-- and then highly recommended for them .
who actually enjoyed this movie
no wonder us australians/new zealander have a terrible reputation
everything about this movie is horrible
and not in a fun-to-watch way .
it is just bad .
the acting is bad ,
but there are better bad one out there
world at war is perhaps the greatest documentary series of all time .
that includes interview with some of the most important and fascinating figure from the war .
also have some incredible fight scene like ''the car park fight ''
as one of jackie 's finest.the movie also won award for best movie and best action design by jackie chan at hong kong film awards.everyone
have fun
really odd time too.nice slasher movie at this part would gave 7/10
but the twist at the end of the movie made the whole movie kinda of pointlessthe twist killed the movie for me
so i going to give it 4/10
i finally got around to seeing this after hearing great thing about it .
was a surprisingly competent and well-made film .
( even the best of the best )
suffer from mediocre-to-unintentionally hysterical acting ,
with an incredibly bad scenario ... is not that a nightmare ?
who grew up in the worst of circumstance
there is not much more to say about this movie it is excellent .
it is a 10/10 .
the casting was perfect .
this was one of ed harris 's best performance .
the worst mistake
patricia clarkson is excellent ,
jake weber is perfect as the distant father
john spredakos is perfect as the menacing otis
this british film is truly awful ,
she is such an annoying character
because it is tedious and dull .
do not waste your time .
which make him perfect for the part .
i enjoyed the cool live combo and the swing tune .
my wife and i thoroughly enjoyed this second in a well-crafted start
-- just like one of our other favorite :
which is not loved back in the same way ,
was i disappointed .
the ridiculous girlfriend
the annoying townsfolk
loved the title ,
but man i hated the stupid kid
this does not get 1/10
so stupid !
it was going to be bad ,
and the jesus costume at the end was really stupid too .
that this was the worst film of priyadarshan
got to be one of the best political satire i
with an excellent performance for cusak
and all the supporting actors.excellent plot
very funny.all in all i give this film a big thumbs up .
it may receive bad review from person
that it was borderline between funny and tragic .
they personalize perfectly the character .
the reconstitution of the decor is absolutely perfect
and the trailer had some wonderful photography .
it was a really badly-made movie .
the continuity and pacing were both simply awful .
the best bit in the movie are under the ending credit ,
.when the best performance in a movie is by andy dick ,
superb recreation of the base in antarctica
function
the superb star quality of gerard philipe ,
funny
a movie one will remember with great affection .
to make the worst movie i
abishek 's role was totally ridiculous ,
man 's castle is a wonderful example of a pre-code film .
it involves realistic event with truly enjoyable and imperfect character .
by the river.tracy is one of the great actor of the silver screen .
his character are amazing and relatable .
he is behaving badly .
young is great in pre-code film .
her character is very sweet but far from perfect ,
dreyfuss was perfect as the actor/impostor
the scenes.this was one of dreyfuss 's best role ,
just like his character has his best role impersonating the dead dictator !
raul julia was superb as the paradorian chief of secret police .
he gets some really funny line ,
and sonia braga was excellent as the girl friend
-- all perfectly done.all in all
it still a great and well worth
manr regard peckinpah 's ride the high country as one of the first and best later western ,
surrounded by beautiful ms. padget
seen this movie will be able to forget its ending and the last frame of this gem .
the intelligent script and the great dialogue
that the last hunt is superbly photograped ,
which are also all superbly photographed ) ,
the picture very well.and director brooks is really a superb storyteller .
master craftsmanship ! he has made quite a couple of really great movie
the last hunt still shines as one of his best ,
if not his best.definitely would deserve a higher rating ,
for making fun
whic h was equally ridiculous .
franco is best
that great : its beginning did not impress me at all .
beautiful camera work
if he were not so occupied with spreading his political message .
this is one of the worst horror movie i
have ever seen ... unfortunately ,
there was not even one remotely witty or amusing line in this lame movie .
because they are so stupid ,
but this film is so solid
( and now i am officially as bad as the rest ) .
but putting bad fencing in a movie does not make it bad automatically .
bad fencing ) .
it a lame effort.do not be fooled by any comment on the smaller issue of fencing .
this is just a bad movie .
i hate to even waste the time
that bad film-making is not a capital crime
not waste any more of filmgoer time .
a great film could have been made with this budget .
the failure should have been spotted at the very beginning with the terrible script and story .
`` transformer '' was another visual feast with a weak script ,
this movie would be ranked on 9th place on imdb list of 250 best movie above citizen cane
-- plain stupid
when an encounter with an old flame 's new boyfriend leaves him bloodied on the ground .
what the movie is about.the film is highly impressionistic with bold color and noir overtone spliced with short yet extreme action sequence .
beautifully filmed with such attention to detail in every scene over gruesome sci-fi action .
the director approach for this genre is refreshing focusing on the emotional journey of sasha and not a straight action film .
and are fantastic
this is a tragic love story and a refreshing entry into the genre .
i have ever seen a movie with so many great actor
justin timberlake is perhaps the single worst actor to land a bigtime role in a movie with the star power and money behind it
i would not waste money on this one at the theater or on video .
in general i have enjoyed dolph 's movie ,
this is a poor film at best .
is very predictable .
not even worth the price of a cheap night rental .
best to avoid this film ,
how wonderful this movie was in beyond me ?
let 's face the music and dance is one of the great romantic number
the storyline is a very poor wannabe vietnam movie with the country name
i was expecting a little cartoon series with lot of fun
even more.the writing was absolutely pathetic .
it was really boring
and unfunny.the animation was about as sophisticated as a thirteen-year old 's flash project .
but this was just a half-hour swipe at the president with several painfully un-funny moment .
shall we dance is an excellent film
surprisingly
while the bad cop enjoy for most part but suffer at the end.this movie at least eaks this usual formula
and gives a refreshing view of cop and their life .
but i would still give this one 9/10 simply
this was disappointing .
marium schrader 's acting is dreadful
not for her beloved goy
a simple story made confusing by poor character development
weak acting ,
a terrible waste of a good story .
this movie is a succession of bad story
bad acting -with a ridiculous english accent
you are watching a bad monty python - ,
bad music
the videotaping is awful ,
plus the scene of sex are ridiculous
you get to be very disappointed ,
it can still be fun to watch ,
if you have friend and enough beer.3/10
american tend to use some rather annoying voice for child in anything dubbed .
who hunts human for fun .
a beautiful woman
or really bad .
this is just a perfect example
i somehow get sucked into really bad movie.but this one was fairly watchable .
instead of 1. the story was stupid ...
( too stupid > funny )
and he was the only funny character anyway .
( and bad )
to drive forward the predictable plot .
the screenplay was solid ,
the dialogue helping to pad the effect of the bland story .
jereone krabbe was amazing as the `` tortured artist '' ,
helping to make verhoeven look at least capable as a director.6.5/10* * 1/2 / * * * *
i loved this movie and love judy marte ! !
she is funny
raising victor vargas is one of the best film i
very refreshing !
funny
warner brother had the perfect animation series in batman in the early 90s
so what the hell are they doing trying to mess with the winning formula ?
wb had to mess this up with some tripe batman of the future .
one of my favorite movie to date start as an adventure through the wild side of a team of four man from atlanta .
who unconsciously drowns his fellas into their worst nightmare .
in very bad way .
and beautifully shot into a paradise of nature
the photography is excellent as well .
cox and beatty are all excellent
and it was not as horrible as i have imagined ,
..we must try to stay beautiful ''
debut movie from one of belgian 's best artist
superb use of music .
poor time of flemish filmmaking .
who did such a great job
playing the very sexy dale arden in the first two flash gordon serial is just awful in this movie .
her character is extremely annoying .
- i have always considered his amusing role of furious style as his very greatest achievement .
fantastic job .
and kenneth branagh is just simply phenomenal in a most fascinating role of the story 's crooked
it deals with his favorite topic :
deceitfulness and jealousy .
it was funny all the line freddy said
this was the best
a man seeks revenge for the death of loved one ,
mediocre acting
the script is predictable
2. a horrible and stupid mindless portrayal of paris and france ,
the sympathetic grumpy shop owner
3. it is highly and utterly ridiculous to have no nudity in a film about a time and a place
the horrible accent ! ! !
that someone actually spent money on such a bad script ,
this really must be one of the worst film ,
bad actor
and a really bad story .
the really stupid thing is that everyone else seems to be falling for this mute satan look-alike as well
otherwise they did a lousy job
of telling the story is absolutely the worst thing i
and i would never recommend anyone to waste 1 hour and 30 minute of their life to watch this total crap .
if a tad predictable .
but i enjoyed it as much as any `` 8 '' film
boring
i will not reinforce the insult
( and a couple of bad one ) ,
and the fantastic singing and dancing talent of 8-year-old sammy davis ing the total up to something below 1 on the imdb scale .
kurt russell was the perfect choice for the role of elvis .
john carpenter 's eak from horror ought this gem
belting out most of elvis 's greatest hit with gusto .
to make a number of great movie
the most disappointing tr game yet .
so why mess with it .
pathetic.my advice to any serious tr fan is keep away from this game ,
the pony car at best is from the mid 1960's.20 year-old college kid ?
when this made-for-tv movie was produced.the plot is so predictable
i for one am usually on the side of the naysayer but this movie lacks credibility
as it relies on the fantastic observation of the man/woman on the street .
making the best
i loved the way
i especially loved the way
i rate this movie one of the best i have seen in the fn genre !
kareena kapoor looked bad .
why the hell did anil kapoor accepted such a bad role .
however bad it is .
is the indian police so stupid
and i have never seen such bad action .
that put the best face on some of the least attractive part of his character.jack london
when he died wrote some of the best story around .
must have gone over great with the swing shift crowd .
this film is just a collection of lame attempt
and badly told into something
that even a movie with poor special effect can still be good
this show is definitely the greatest show .
jessica alba does such a great job in it .
and they have wonderful storyline
and their stunt are amazing .
unfortunately could not go as far
\u0097he was merely narrating a story of a great individual
the success of the staged play was an evident reason for the commercial bollywood actor anil kapoor to produce this noteworthy film .
peter brook is a great director of play
the opening shot of khan 's film promises great cinema\u0097a derelict harilal gandhi is ought to sion hospital
the film unfortunately merely presents a great story and some superb exterior shot of father and son meditating in silhouette .
producer anil kapoor took a remarkable decision of not putting up poster of the film at accessible height in india
with all its mix of greatness and fault
convinced of the value of religion and convincing other as well.the film won the best actress award at the tokyo international film festival for shefali shetty
feroze khan and anil kapoor have handled a sensitive subject very well and elicited above-average performance from the ensemble of actor .
it would be mindless gory fun .
without the fun .
i mean it got really lame ,
it was just boring .
just the same lame scene over and over again with a different person .
this is a terrible film .
that a film was made about carl brashear 's amazing life story .
if one can get passed racial divide.the best thing about man of honor is the chemistry between deniro and gooding .
he was excellent in the role.a lot of person seem to think
it beautifully
that both introduce conrad and and seems to surround him whenever he appears.an excellent film
and my only disappointment was that i never ever got the chance
that comic actor make some of the best support in dramas
it is handled with amazing creativity and personality
the best scene is the one
is more than annoying .
is a great actor
did a great job
she blames herself for his real-life illness ,
but either way it is quite fascinating .
is a real gem .
but either way she is really convincing and enjoyable to watch .
ala. it is easily one of the worst movie
avoid it .
that fits best in the `` easily forgotten '' category .
it is a pretty lousy variant on the famous story by gaston leroux
not a bad idea to itself ,
but the plot and production of this movie are way to weak to ing a decent homage to that story .
it could have been a lot worse .
phantom of the mall has too many useless flashback in it and way too many boring sequence
she is an extremely beautiful girl
and she does have a bit of talent ... too bad
that it are not the worst movie
yes folk there is worse than this
have horrible death
lame
this movie is a fantastic movie .
would be great .
anyway this is a great movie
mr. garfield did a superb job of portraying mr. schmid .
absolutely wonderful drama and ros is top notch ...
why it is rarely even run on cable ) ,
because he wanted to get a closer look of a beautiful girl
revelation and redemption.all these makes it a moving and fun film to watch .
that awful big city glamor and move to a dirty ,
annoying is the fact
db sweeney 's performance was high school at best .
unfortunately career has not been kind and mother nature
the two main character really are pathetic
weak and incapable of making mature
but `` twister '' was more silly fun ;
this is realistic with a message .
i would not consider myself as one of leonard cohen 's greatest fan .
unfortunately the most of the musician featured in the concert did not converse the nuance of leonard 's musical / literary manner .
one of his favorite show .
that this movie is bad ,
but not the worst i have seen .
( i have seen worse of those )
it is quite an insult to the viewer ,
there are just too many of these moment of insult
which also is an insult
the actor ' performance are not half-bad ,
mike myer as the cat in the hat is downright not funny
and mike myer could not have been any worse .
this is his worst film
the acting and the story was just terrible .
i mean how could they make the most beloved story
and being one of the worst film of all-time and such a disappointment .
i could not have seen a more worst film than this beside
the defunct little plastic toy-prize in a discontinued and of bargain-bin cereal .
that was a stupid line -
but that is only because london 's performance has melted my ain with its awfulness.katherine heigl is cute
he delivers the best performance of the piece .
this is fine in a noirish traditional horror
( and fun ) slasher movie :
but either way it fails dismally .
the only horror element of this entire movie is it is epic dullness.i think the editor
( but that could have just been the poor script ) .
fine in a noir ,
) the whole thing perhaps may have been funny
unfortunately for me i had settled on the couch
of scaring myself silly - this is a very poor film ,
do not waste your time or money on this -
or find yourself a copy of poe 's fantastical tale ,
you will have a far more enjoyable and frightening night
why woman are relegated to secondary role at best in life as in holy scripture ,
it is incredible
it may be spielberg 's second best movie behind `` schindler 's list ''
and the character are wonderful to spend time with .
it is a great showing of humor and inventiveness
you have to credit the acting talent for wonderful delivery and inspired role choice .
our lead are great too with dave foley as flick and julia louis-dreyfus as princess atta
as well as the always-fantastic kevin spacey as hopper .
to deliver an enjoyable experience .
in to join the fun .
complete with a couple of my favorite pixar character
there is not too much bad
as if these filmmaker wasted so much time and money on a film
but this is one of the most worst horror flick i have seen .
this one is pretty bad.recycle a lot of footage
really sticks out as poorly done .
and so on.like all bad sequel ,
too bad it does not include the death nurse movie though .
and a creepy `` noir '' feel .
this hamlet made for one of the boringest mst3000 episode ever .
though this one is quite boring .
which would be laughable
because of - the sickeningly tragic undercurrent of human dysfunction throughout )
the excellent script by kelly masterson and superb direction by none other than sidney lumet does not hurt either.the main dysfunction here is of a family nature
that goes pathetically awry.the story is told with time-shift
it worked perfectly ,
also excellent ) ,
that particular movie was not as great as this one
it is kind of fun to see a movie from a long lost era
simply one of the best comedy and film ever.add :
that is nothing less than excellent !
beautiful painted scenery but ala
revealing myiazaki at his best .
that gets more complex and beautifully fitting
the film depicts a family drama of estrangement between a mother and her daughter
that takes place following a funeral
is a tribute to ms. von trotta 's artistry and the beautiful screenplay by pamela katz
not that knowing the series makes this a great movie .
i give it a 5/10
it is a funny snapshot of the era
2 ) you get a lot of funny cameo of person
just like you see on the tv show.i will not list all the bad thing
the movie 's story line outside of the clip segment is very weak
watch 20 minute at a time and it is not so bad .
its lack of subtlety and complexity and its total political correction make it really childish
with only good/bad character .
tattoo artist with shaved head are not always bad guy ,
but it was even worse than i imagined !
those that are so bad
because you want to see how bad they can possibly get .
which was only mediocre or slightly worse
is the pitch-perfect performance by the film 's trio of extremely charismatic actor .
victor mclaglen has rarely been better as the strapping tough guy ,
and it remains arguably the best film of its kind .
he falls in love with a beautiful but snobbish girl ,
in one of his best performance lovely alexis smith a bit spotty but intelligent as the girl corbett love and a very able errol flynn as corbett
it was his favorite role from the period ... jack carson was his manager
dorothy vaughn and mike mazurki along for the enjoyable proceedings .
it is hard to say enough about the logic and light-hearted fun this movie 's maker have generated ;
it is one of the best-liked of all sport biography film ,
and by my standard one of the most enjoyable as well .
the first half of this version was the best i have seen
the big disappointment was that the beginning opened so much hope ,
they get worse every time .
the worst of them get to be sent aoad
acting or script is a waste of time and money .
0.02/10 .
brilliant performance by all involved
brilliant work all round.pete
which turned out to be a subtle psychological study
( albeit chock full of funny moment ) .
cq was the worst film i
his father makes great film .
surprisingly
as to just how bad it was before .
it could have been worse than this .
a very funny movie .
red was the best thing in this film .
his facial expression is best described as `` near sleep .
that the direction is simple and amateurish.avoid this lifeless film at all cost .
i find gracie 's idiot act very annoying and i have given some poor review to their movie short and full-length film .
that they were great
and the writer did a wonderful job in this department.now as for the rest of the film ,
it is all a lot of fun
the usual balance and great boy-girl dialog was lacking .
i loved the fun house and tunnel of love sequence
but is so much fun to watch !
-- it had a lot of charm and excellent writing .
unfortunately
shelley winter is wonderful as a waitress with another business on the side .
and her terrible seducing outfit of navel-revealing ,
but unfortunately
scrappy was the stupid ave puppy
scooby-doo does not need any little annoying bastard puppy nephew .
this was just poor ,
elizabeth rohm was the weakest actress of all the law
and order ada 's and her acting is even worse here .
so it is too bad
that the awful acting of the lead actress distracts so much from the message .
it is just that this movie is that bad .
to the editing is awful .
but the directing and editing made it even worse .
and you would still be disappointed .
when it aired on the now defunct trio channel a few year ago ,
some of the segment are far from perfect
best of show :
shohei imamura 's amazing final segment ,
and the story line was excellent .
and this movie is a perfect example of this .
does his best to save the movie .
is very good silent drama.emil janning does memorable role work in the lead.evelyn brent is wonderful
playing the woman lead.william powell is great
it was seen as an excellent film in its day ,
as it was nominated for the first best picture oscar
but this one is excellent despite a little bit of overacting by the lead ,
but insulting million of viking and their descendant
by having carlyle spew the most ridiculous line about valhalla
is because it would require the embarassing acknowledgement
we will never learn what this awful period of the world 's history has to teach us.so now
that we have managed to insult viking and the citizen of scandinavian country in this sham ,
unfortunately
that is how badly
utterly stupid and worthless .
it is so cheap and lame ,
why these abnormally dumb person even wasted 2 month or so
i am giving you the best advice in the world :
bad thing have been unleashed
showing the badness
the soundtrack of bharti india and panama john has a great eerie piano jingle
it was pretty great
as a blind hobo.what is incredible about this movie
i was looking forward to kathryn bigelow 's movie with great anticipation after the endless hype and 6 oscar
unfortunately
bad acting and gallon of blood are staple of these mistake of cinema ,
as mentioning any other movie would be a great insult to that other movie ,
terrible ! !
0.5/10
too bad it is not the least bit thrilling .
or the terribly bland story ?
the acting was so awful .
if they do.now the directing was unmistakably bad ,
but unfortunately he still will not be receiving any kudos from me for that .
very much enjoyed .
jim sonzero 's american re-make of 'pulse ' will now have to fork over the title of worst film of the year to 'the return ' .
this film stink would be insulting to skunk .
this movie is insulting to anyone over the mental age of 7
incredibly insulting to gay ) .
it is awful -
and not in a `` so bad it is funny '' sort of way
either - it is just plain awful .
am being funny ! ''
and are badly executed ,
it is just awful on every front - apart from the music maybe ,
the humour really is that cheap.it says
in that it was perfectly permissable for the hero
this movie so disappointed me
annoying generalized social commentary comes in every now and then to add to the pretentiousness of the movie
it fails in a big way .
and other assorted unfunny bit .
it is all just a complete waste of time.- i bought this on the double feature dvd with invasion of the bee girl .
i had always looked at this 1983 entry as my favorite film of the long-running series .
this was simply a wonderful adventure tale
of what makes a film funny ,
this film is not just awful ,
its tooth grindingly terrible.i have never been a fan of bill murray
i loved ghostbuster 's ,
that i have not wasted my time so blatantly like this since seeing the first running of operation delta force over here ,
they both have terrible action sequence from beginning to end
this film is just terrible for this i am afraid .
is just insulting to the female race .
( played by the late and great john candy )
he joined the army to `` avoid paying $ 400 for anger management class '' .
this bit is nothing short of amazing though .
this film is honestly more fun
the only redeeming feature in this film is the repetitive use of naked woman
sadly ,
cinematography and location work are all excellent
3/10
but for me the final scene was just a pathetic attempt for a newbie director
this plot could not be worse as a boy ,
the only purpose of this waste of celluloid was to encourage american kid to read ,
when a cheaper
( as the so predictable
could save this pointless film from the dull plot .
because the bland animation makes the film worse ,
not improving the dull plot !
and as a singer to really make thing bad ,
the story was not too bad ,
it turned out to be a poor western
the whole production feel cheap and shabby ,
all about it.it is not particularly badly scripted or filmed ;
and for being a fun game of `` spot the kiwi bit parter '' ;
the most helplessly messed up family film since ... well
avoid this mind-bending piece of trash
like you would avoid a sex-starved whale during mating season .
it is refreshingly original
is my favorite aspect of the show .
the innocent and rare character
an excellent cast makes this movie work ;
that the actor enjoyed filming this movie.it is not quite the comedy i expected ,
for music fan there are quite a few subtle reference
that in themselves are intelligently funny.i hate
he has clearly built up among the poor majority of venezuelan .
this film stands tall as a film-noir crime film .
the use of ambient street music is a precursor to the incredible long opening shot in touch of evil ,
unfortunately
the story combined with wonderful performance by welle
and of his belief in the spiritual message of smith .
but it has a great cast
it has been my favorite .
this is an action movie at it is best .
this movie is not as horrible as most sci-fi channel movie .
then there are the annoying valley girl and their boyfriend
all of the above is funny
that are annoying
or just totally unsympathetic ?
that the outcome is entirely predictable .
the police are the baddy ,
best of all :
wonderfully entertaining musical comedy from warner
the score by richard whiting and johnny mercer has a number of other gem
the best musical number is `` let that be a lesson
the cast includes a gaggle of great character comedian
in what i believe is the only footage available on this incredible jazz combo .
but otherwise `` hollywood hotel '' is a gem ,
what horrible writing and acting .
two shot of fake blood spurting out of the bear 's chest reminded me of monty python 's `` the holy grail '' .also the kid decides to kick a porcupine with predictable results.gag .
unfortunately
a lot because i rarely walk away from any movie .
it is impossible to redeem something this bad .
1/10 and sinking into the negative number !
this is one of the stupidest film i
poor !
( ray and chicago were wonderful movie in my opinion ) .
this movie would best suit someone
yet would enjoy two hour of entertaining and fun singing performance .
that lacks in some portuguese short film -
at any rate this a great companion piece to `` vertigo ''
a perfect antidote for the hitcock movie .
are all great .
the potion is comedy at it is best .
this movie is absolutely terrible .
that a couple of person actually enjoyed this film ,
because i do not see how anyone in their right mind could possibly enjoy a movie as awful as revolution .
it is not just that it is a bad movie
with a lame plot and overall strangeness
it is much worse .
how could we make this movie even worse
`` how can we possibly make it any worse ?
i just had a terrible idea ! ''
because by that point they should have realized that their movie suck and in finishing it they would only waste more money and time and succeed
in making one of the worst movie of all time.i am
that this movie is so bad you should not watch it ;
it is so bad
just to see how badly it suck .
it is terrible
terrible .
this movie is just boring.it try to copy some effect
the dialog are pretty bad ,
some of the worst i have ever heard ,
his father in the movie plays very badly ,
the ending is ... stupid.i think i have not dislike a movie so much since `` le pacte de loup ''
not such a bad movie in our
but this movie was so boring
was excellent ... great cast with sam waterston and george inne
excellent script
with far greater aplomb
have ever seen with numerous pointless
ridiculously long scene of nothing .
was ridiculously awful
this movie is pretty much plot less with a lame attempt
as if just to add some kind of shock value to the dullness
but really this movie is a precious waste of time and money .
and beautifully photographed .
this is the worst movie i
it would me more enjoyable to sit in an emergency room
that black and stiller never work together on a project this bad again .
were terrible .
the spooky sounding score was perfect for setting a dark mood.i liked the dramatic opening scene
and enjoyed how the rest of the movie played out.it was very easy
would love to see more horror movie like this one.this is easily one of my favorite's.a realistic thunder and lightning storm
this cheap remake is designed purely to shock the sensibility .
worst of all ,
unfortunately
pass on this insult to the original .
( tim roth was excellent ,
the action scene were exciting and fun.bad :
the escape from the ape city was terrible .
it never gets boring .
and that is really refreshing and uplifting to watch.also ,
sid the sloth is charming in his annoying
and so on and so forth.another great point
which would really be pathetic in a setting like the ice age.all in all ,
ice age is a great movie
before shrek 2 and the incredible came out .
or at least one of the best .
this is a very fun and very cool game for the n64 .
this game is very fun to play ,
the only bad thing
which are awful to today 's standard ,
it is the second best n64 game
( the first best is conker 's bad fur day )
it beats out mediocre super mario sunshine any day.9/10 or :
that its inclusion as one of the potential oscar nominee for best animated film for this year left most person
its a beautifully designed
fantastic looking film
( one of the best vocal performance i have ever heard )
equally great is the script
its all really well done.is it perfect ?
some funny
to allow the story of these amazing strong/fragile/intriguing/hilarious chorus line member
it is like they are in a lousy profession ,
when they all came back in glorious costume with those amazing spinning mirror on stage ,
they loved so much
in that sidney is a stupid
moderately obnoxious skilled writer .
although at least a couple of these are very funny .
after a wonderful first day
and that the dingo made off with their beloved child ,
unfortunately
streep gives her best performance ever as the complex lindy ,
does a wonderful job as the hesitant and confused michael .
i enjoyed the feel of the opening few minute ,
or if the ending was not - disappointingly
it was not a fun experience .
i have rarely seen actor better able to reveal by their movement and gesture love for another -cybill shepherd
because this cast was superb and i would never change any of them-
because the box office appeal of the cast was just not as great as meg ryan
yet it is executed to perfection .
and giving a good message.overall ,
that is a great idea ;
but after 20 minute of shoot-out it really takes a turn to boringlane.and
to see it through 'til the end.3/10 for the fine editing .
it do not sound that bad at all ,
and who can forget the grande finale the greatest eyeball torture i have ever seen !
my final rating is a 8/10
carlo verdone once managed to combine superb comedy with smart and subtle social analysis and criticism.then something happened ,
and he turned into just another dull `` holier-than-thou '' director.il mio miglior nemico can more or less be summarized in one line
who falls for the honest-but-poor guy ...
acting is barely average.severely disappointing under every aspect .
and what a bad movie is .
this was one of the worst movie i
because it is impossible to come up with a decent en for such a stupid story .
that this was a total waste of money ,
some stupid kid looked strange at me .
i was very disappointed in love 's abiding joy .
and the editing was very poor - to many scene out of context .
that love 's abiding joy is my least favorite .
his part is not so bland .
in making this movie wonderful .
it makes for a great sub-plot and much of the humor .
the dancing is great
highly recommended.10/10 .
8/10i like a lot this movie .
get-the-bad guy revenge story
which is good and bad .
and was fascinating to view ,
the acting was not bad at all
is absolutely ridiculous .
but at least it is helping to offset the ridiculous vote of 1 .
added film to its wonderful repertoire of technical degree program .
do not waste your time with this movie .
awful awful awful .
having the bad dream
awful .
-- ( not enough lame
funny little gem like `` let 's bowl . ''
it takes place in the beautiful country of new zealand ,
had ever seen the excellent mary regan ,
who is probably best remembered by american audience from the film `` smash palace '' .
this is a great show ,
this group person really loved each other in real life
and they real do talk like this.i want you to enjoy five mile creek and pass on these great story of right and wrong
that ing to the celluloid a great director like indra kumar .
raja and masti all of whom were superb.but then every successful director gives a few horrible movie alongwith some hit too .
because the pathetic comedy will make you cry only.in short ,
this is another of the many b minus movie tagged as film noir in the hope
direction - are mediocre .
can not rise above the poor script and poor direction .
warburton plays a white slave and its funny to see all the young and horny wife of rich old man bidding on him
no real political message like the film `` burn '' but just another contrived plot device
because this first film is pretty bad .
it watchable and warburton 's lack of any accent make it at time laughable .
very bad film but i got to admit
it was a weird and unpredictable episode ,
there were a lot of great quip in this episode
was not a great episode
and disappointed
for creating this wholly original and unpredictable plot twist .
7.5/10 best line of the episode :
brook ' movie have become worse and worse over the year .
this movie was amazing ,
and the always good cheadle did a great job too .
this movie is great for a mature intelligent audience .
the acting was fantastic
this movie is all round amazing !
fagin is worse than bill sike ,
the best is nancy .
gus van sant has made some excellent film .
tom robbin and gus van sant are incredible visionary and tower of talent .
the worst and/or the best and it adds to the overall roller-coaster of the book
when i was a kid and loved the detail
and the interview are fantastic .
then they might make some great war movies.note .
it is just utterly terrible amateurish videowork ,
is incredibly bad ,
it would have been funnier to use a real doll instead.one season of `` i am a celeity ,
do not waste your time or your money .
extremely stupid
i blame the director and screenwriter .
but i am going to blame him for his awful story .
by the end it is so pointless ,
and though unfunny
the premise is laughable .
how stupid can this get ?
but the whole situation is just awful to think of .
but ... even worse
why did mr. king write this horrible story
it is depressing and pointless ! my rating :
it is haunting and beautiful
which i repeat is haunting and beautiful and the only flaw
how much of a sentimental mess spielberg might have made with the story
what a superb director mende is road to perdition is a film
putting on a false accent - newman 's performance work due to the subtle body language ,
who gives the best performance in the movie
the film therefore become extremely boring and predictable .
and fail.this is a very disappointing film from ridley scott
it 2/10
instead of 1/10 is for some of the technical work .
it is great to see
that his parent supported and loved him ,
and social dysfunction .
where she becomes a great opera star .
unfortunately for torrent it came out one year
she was remarkably subtle in her role .
the symptom looked like bad claymation
i really enjoyed it .
what an unfortunate mess is `` shiner . ''
sadly
shiner has some remarkably bad performance
these are the two most poorly written character
and dropped in to avoid the film
that it was rather stupid ,
the whole movie was bad ,
and what i really thought was bad was making the animal talk ,
it is rather stupid.i have seen eddie murphy in several of movie
that he was the only funny part of this movie ,
i also have not seen eddie murphy in the really `` great '' movie
i loved it.the evan family are headed by jame and florida- two parent
that whilst the cosby show can be fun to watch at time ,
and i enjoyed sascha horler 's performance as the pregnant friend .
that a director can make the wonderful daniela farinacci into an unbelievable presence .
especially with the usage of wonderful animation sequence
we really enjoyed grey owl :
and a stress of dignity and values.beautifully shot
and trap in canada.solid performance from all makes this film with a message easy viewing.two of the star of the film are without a doubt
and the message is a good one with its ecoleaning .
it must have been great to meet or read grey owl in the 1930s ,
i loved some of the unexpected cameos .
david alan grier played an annoying restaurant singer ,
so that was fun.beyond that ,
little man is so bad
if you are stupid enough to waste $ 8 on this movie ,
unfortunately
though with a slightly more developed plot of jealousy .
unfortunately
it was a complete waste of time .
we are subjected to the every-day event of their boring life :
and it is as boring
too many boring everyday event and unconvincing acting
and it is the worst
it does not do justice to this incredible movie .
this was one of my favorite movie as a young child .
it is one of the best horse
it is one of those great classic
and the song are great .
pat boone and shirley jone are at their best
along with many other great character actor .
have previously enjoyed wesley snipe in several action flick
the movie fails
the acting is most unfortunately thinner and goes to mimic a `` worst case scenario '' of playing `` strong '' feeling
accompanied by some bad acting ... do not waist your time this movie \u00edsnt entertaining ,
i give this 2/10
it really was awful ,
funny in the most unexpected place
dick tracy was not the best for many comic book fan ,
and being fun .
this is the perfect film for anybody to watch with their child .
is wonderfully hateful as the utish dugan hick .
it is great groovy retro-70 's fun !
the annoying thing is that
a great movie worth seeing again and again .
i wasted a good 1 h 45 min of my life for this pathetic excuse for a movie .
and looks at time like a poor man 's take on lar von trier 's element of crime .
worth a look but ultimately disappointing .
that jerry is not as likeable as even poor dazed tommy .
and even worse to lise .
she would shower jerry with indignant insult and glare .
george guetary does a fine job and his `` stairway to paradise '' is my favorite number in the movie .
nina foch is beautiful and touching
i cried ... i loved it .
my husband enjoyed it
it was the best movie
i have really enjoyed this adaptation of `` emma '' .i
i particularly appreciate the perfect diction of the actor .
the setting and costume were beautiful .
that she would have enjoyed the duplicity ,
i find the costume more beautiful and elaborate than in other adaptation from jane austen 's novel .
she is funny at time
though not always funny ) .
very boring .
the aid episode here is the best one .
it is consistently funny ,
sarah 's character in the series is rather annoying
they are awful ,
and i mean really awful .
bad drama composition is worst about this film
this is possibly one of the worst movie i have ever seen .
it is bad .
that was truly awful )
but it will at least be funny .
even though somewhere deep down the producer had an interesting message to convey about parent
that message was horrible .
was relatively funny .
i could almost predict what stupid mishap is going to happen next.throughout the movie i like a total of maybe five line of dialogue and everything else was at best mediocre ,
but a terrible leading man .
is a truly bad actor .
she is the best actor of the bunch.note* the first comment
it is by no mean subtle or great or whatever other hypobolic description the reviewer used .
is really a big mess .
since every movie nowadays finds it necessary to have a twist ending.a 4/10 .
this horrible disaster eaks the cardinal rule of bruckheimer film ,
but they have great action .
this film is boring .
it is a bad commercial .
how bad is that ?
they utter their pointless line ,
they slog through it the best they can as the music video director
how bad the film is ''
man ... .this is the baddest
the original has a great 40 minute chase
where the funny stuff should have been with as much language
( very rare ) ,
how great this was .
horrible film .
boring .
the acting is bad ,
the character are awful ,
he is kind of funny .
this movie is really a waste of time .
she is really bad in it ,
because of bad news bear and little darling it is known
the movie was a huge disappointment .
poor screenplay
and song sequence with bad song every minute and at the most odd time killed whatever humor the movie could offer .
the editing was pathetic .
overall the movie disappointed
this one though i watched nearly every episode and the amazing to me at the time was that this show had some resolution to it .
that ended with galvatron and this new bad guy vowing
it was a bit bland
he would also get a couple of ally in a female robot and a rather funny one
another beginsthis is a prototypical film noir ,
and the plot features what i consider the core of most noir film
curtiz 's great movie is iconic even in the detail
to be subtle and real and penetrating ,
understands just how beautiful
that that acting was a little ... weak
the relationships.the plot is also predictable.nonethelss
how many person were disappointed
that the show did not survive its first season.i loved the show
can you imagine my disappointment
it is somewhat telling that most of the great review for the film on imdb all come from person
parasomnia is terrible ,
but it stops well short of being the good or great film
it has a great baddie in patrick kilpatrick
having what it takes to play a truly memorable baddie on a par with hannibal lecter .
there are some beautiful visual in the dream sequence ,
the actual concept of devious misuse of hypnosis is great too.although i understand suspension of disbelief is necessary for immersion in any good story ,
the setup at the ending was particularly ludicrous and disappointing ,
there is the germ of a great idea here in diabolically misused hypnotism ,
but sadly this film fails to realise it into anything special .
plaguing the terrified community.this surprisingly effective little thriller was created by majestic picture
of being caught up in a bad dream ,
beautiful fay wray plays his assistant in a role
who could be extremely funny
that it was horrible
you might be disappointed in the story if you need everything in a neat and tidy line ,
that this movie had very little bloody messes in it ...
is kind of rendered laughable ,
7/10 .
it had everything to be a great piece of film-making ,
but ultimately fails in every extent .
it is a terribly bad comedy ,
a pathetic horror movie
a lame erotic film.the 2 disc dvd includes a gorgeous booklet with still
essay on bestiality
the package will seem fantastic until one actually sees the film .
badly translated to english but with good visual quality .
in an awful transfer
and `` the incubus '' is a dreadful ,
worst-case scenario of a great actor going through the motion
one can hardly blame him .
but it is not worth waiting for.1/10
dropping bad gangsta line in an even worse fake u'an accent .
pacino would have been great
but their steenky accent spoiled the fun.ah well ,
and every child 's active imagination has gotten the best of them
( de marco is the rare eed of child actor
bridger makes his cheating husband empathetic in the realization
while having some fun in the backyard ) ,
this is amazing-looking movie with the whole thing
make this an absolutely fascinating film to watch .
and the story do not match up to the greatness of the photography ,
must have a had a lot of fun on the set
this is a fun movie ...
there are bad movie ,
that are so bad ,
just because of the gratuitous smut and really bad gore effect .
is that it was impossible to pass up a movie with such a great title !
unfortunately its a waitress from the bar
but something much funnier ,
and he got nice support from beautiful lady julia stile and selma blair .
i enjoyed it very much.7/10
but i loved what i saw .
sadly
it worthwhile leaving a comment on the message boards.made the same year
being chased by person in very silly mask to servant running round in the worst clothing i
you like beautiful girl ?
what is there bad to say about beautiful girl/woman ?
if i really wanted to watch beautiful person ,
the action scene are not bad
but it was a waste of time ...
the movie deliver very funny moment
i accept it as a funny situation .
funny situation
she is funny
the film is also quite dull in part and really
unfortunately
the rest of the film is a bore and suffer from horrendous acting and boring
boring pacing .
this movie is terrible
and stupid .
the most annoying point is
( the director 's cut of robocop on dvd is great ) .
this movie is stupid
and instead settle for predictable action
'' a figure from the same war of debatably greater accomplishmant ,
he comes off as mostly bland in a story
he was one of the greatest man
does a paint-by-numbers job with bland battle montage and some obvious set use
who comes across as good-natured to the point of blandness ,
but the character in the movie just bows his head and meekly accept the insult in the presence of president roosevelt.the only person in the movie
he delivers great presence
but lacks complexity even in many of his best-known role .
afraid of how bad it might be ,
or how disappointing .
while not as bad as menace ,
and we learned one of the great movie twist of all time .
the great villain
really good acting can save a weak plot ,
but a weak plot coupled with bad acting
certainly not one as bad
( the man has managed to direct some of the worst performance in their career from some very fine actor
who must somehow become one of the greatest villain in cinematic history
-- the great tragedy of darth vador --
because the bad guy at the root of all the evil
but because he was pathetically stupid.oh
sadly ,
it reminds me of triple x. a fun film to watch
but entirely forgettable .
he gets the best response of them all in this movie .
hope you enjoy this gem as much as i did .
it is much to bad to be ordinary .
the other man fires one round and fells the man with the greater fire power
not recommended for anyone .
very disappointing version of lorna doone .
make-up did it is best to hide it .
only one disappointing kissing scene at the very end .
lorna doone is a great epic tale
much more enjoyable and more true to the book .
robert redford 's is an amazing actor and now the same being director
so i loved the fact there was a real connection with this film ,
the witty remark throughout the film were great ,
and the fly-fishing was amazing
but these child are amazing
this is not the worst film i have seen of peter greenaway
that dishonor goes to the even worse pillow book .
but greene was sending a message about an england
written by frederic lanoir and arthur qwak ,
the two of them had created a fantastical landscape
which can either be wasteland
which is solidly rich
it has some wonderfully crafted set action piece
there is nary a boring moment .
definitely highly recommended !
do not get me wrong - there are some great movie
this had a lovely subtle humor -
a great film
i loved what i caught of this show :
and wonderfully accident-prone -
how refreshing to see an actress
it is incredible me
where at least one annoying teenager gets killed
can not be all bad .
the dialogue is bad ,
and the plot is worse .
the best part of this movie is that the villain are all armed with numerous machine gun ,
the stunt are pretty bad .
if they are supposed to be funny or not .
the miner '' is pretty awful
but fascinating from a historical viewpoint .
( 3/10 )
but only fun.i had the experience
i firstly was disappointed in seeing the movie different from the script
that cocaine can be fun no matter what the situation happens to be present .
and notice the difference.try to avoid this movie but ,
it was not cheap ,
its very enjoyable
one of my favorite
and just a great clean and fun movie to watch with the family.the only thing i have against this movie
because i do not want any spoiler here.all in all nicely done and a great movie to watch ;
who may or may not have committed terrible act .
what does an evil person look like ? excellent acting and production combine
to be the single worst film of the decade ,
this movie is beyond bad ...
.it is so bad
that it is not even as enjoyable as the usual bad movie .
are even worse than a low budget porno film :
the sound is utterly horrible ,
the `` acting '' is laughable ... .it is a complete waste of everyone 's time and money .
while this ridiculous nightmare has a guy
but the result would be laughable ,
if they were not so pathetic .
and not do justice to all the flaw and shortcoming of this truly awful waste of film.for the love of god ,
avoid this train wreck .
if this piece of trash is really as bad
as i claim it to be ... .but trust me on this ... .it is even worse than i have said ,
if you waste your money on a purchase or rental ) .
remember best as the grumpiest of old man as well
lemmon and matthau were one of hollywood 's best loved comedy team of the last 100 year .
this is a great comedy .
if they want to make a movie with a lousy story ,
the director and/or screen writer obviously could not decide whether to make a lame comedy or preach an unconvincing sermon.if
i signed in just to comment on how awfully stupid this movie is .
it is hard to blame the actor
when they are given such a stupid
it is bad enough
when you encounter an insult
it may end up embarrassing them for having such poor judgment
and enjoy the cheap scare
it has to be one of the worst movie i
as the first 40 min was mostly annoying girly giggle and bad music ,
her recorded live concert are my favorite .
bette show us her best from her solid repertoire
after reading the very short `` not bad '' commentary .
than just not bad .
my 6-year-old enjoyed it as much as my 11-year-old ,
and my husband and i enjoyed it as much as the two of them .
i enjoyed this movie more then other
high school record has topped my favorite list and hopefully has a chance
to keep even the most jaded of movie goer happy.with beautiful person and gorgeous home
*many many spoiler in this review* this movie was horrible .
and i was very disappointed .
to feel bad for him .
i warn you not to waste your time on this disgusting excuse for a film .
but this is just plain pathetic .
their were no enjoyable character and the plot sucked .
but this is such a bad movie
i do not see how anyone can even take this film seriously ! .4/10 .
but it is never bad enough
it is one of the best hk kung fu film from the early ninety .
i have always enjoyed kenneth branagh 's version of the shakespeare classic ,
is none other than `` the-always-great-actor '' laurence fishburne .
surely he has made some poor choice in film ,
even though he is a wonderful actor ,
the intensity of jealousy
and makes it a very interesting and enjoyable movie .
best of the best 4
it seems best of the best is the rhee show ,
it was horrible .
it was that bad .
that was funny.so ,
that the holiday are not so bad after all.also ,
although some excellent player take part ,
nixon 's role possesses the best line ,
lacks punch .
do not measure up to even the weakest hal roach product .
are either exasperating blockhead or pathetic misfits.it is a pity
that laurel and hardy were great comedian .
who live in a beautiful
( although the ending in the story was much worse ) .
also the fourth one is actually very funny
also the house itself looks beautiful ... and very creepy .
-- the lion gate one looks fantastic with strong color and great sound .
i am building up to an awful let-down ,
he gets to perform a little-known but excellent berlin number ,
some person seem to think this was the worst movie
but i really have seen worse.that being said
that were worse than this ,
were so bad
that are worse
ripped away from you by the awfulness.war game :
the dead code is not that bad ,
it the original was not really that great of a movie in the first place ,
something bad ,
at first it is just bad
this is bad ,
and then it just gets worse and worse ,
virtuous cop brown emerge and thwarts the utal baddie.is stabbed
friendly black man may in truth be the vicious baddie .
sean connery is great as the oblivious ,
holier than thou hero.laurence fishburne is watchably amazing as the mean
as the malevolent psychos.capeshaw is okay.ruby dee is great
as the tenacious grandmother.the rest of the cast is wonderful as well .
what makes it such a great movie experience
hugely recommended !
terrible .
the movie was an incoherent mess .
stupid person will probably not appreciate it .
rarely have i seen a movie
where the script and the acting has melted this perfectly together.the dialogue move into very personal issue
it yields great result ,
very rarely is `` love '' in film
the result is fantastic .
12 year after.this is simply a gem of a movie
one of the best movie i have seen from the 1990s !
there is an abandoned toxic waste dump near a sewer line
as to how stupid
the `` teenager '' were all horrible actor - no exception .
before they get dispatched - in a poorly done scene
a producer 's darling and one is forced to avoid the embarrassment
he would have been at his best as a film actor
that someone was doing a not-too-amusing parody of a noir movie .
not funny .
( in my mind i kept thinking of a guy noir sketch
everything seems normal until dr creed loses one his patient who had a terrible head injury
this movie is just amazing
and the acting from everyone was great !
this is probably the best of all of the star war movie .
to knock out two other walker.it is amazing what luke could do with his jedi power on his light sae
what is best about the movie are some wonderful musical interlude .
if you enjoyed thank your lucky star and hollywood can noteen you will like this one .
this is annoying and distracting .
it started out great
who have spent all to many hour with my beloved dvd player and my wonderful television
and my favorite are \u00ab lexx \u00bb
the cheap one
and has written several great and entertaining novel
bad sound and some scrape and error ;
and bj\u00f8rn floberg carries his role solidly ,
not really really really fantastic
amateur actor and amateur effects.it was really not too bad
even ferhan sensoy have a worse acting than average .
so cuba is thought like a banana republic.waste of money
waste of time .
to avoid confusion with agniezska holland 's own holocaust film europa europa
and plot are deliberately hammy and almost satirically procured from film noir convention .
drew barrymore and jimmy fallon are perfect as the couple at the center of the film .
i am rarely this unsatisfied with a `` b '' horror flick ,
because he is far too stupid to be dangerous .
all in all a total waste of film .
one of the best number
the showstopping `adelaide 's lament '
mankiewicz zaps all the fun out of everything
part of the blame has to go to the lead ,
on the year of its release legendary film critic barry norman considered it the worst film of the year and i would heard nothing
but bad thing
sadie frost has appeared in some of the worst british film
steven berkoff gives acting a bad name
about this movie is that it is utterly forgettable .
i enjoyed this movie
which has put out some of my favorite movie .
i liked host but not my absolute favorite .
some of my favorite sci-fi /fantasy movie
and the monster looked good and the battle great .
mouth and stuff '' is like the best like artistic endeavor like ever made .
that sequence - plus a solid amount of zen philosophy .
brilliant .
3. brilliant - especially the way
ellen is such a refreshing - and realistic - change .
150 worst case of nepotism '' list .
i loved it !
fred macmurray is wonderful as skid johnson
tony gets punched in the nose after her insult maggie
carole and arthur are great together .
they have these wonderful scene together
and it was excellent .
burl ross as little bunny foo foo was funny .
this show is excellent the kid will like this show
but the overall flow and delivery of the movie was great .
it is too bad this movie did not get the credit it deserved ,
should really be called 'l ' for lame .
every festival has a disappointment
that fails to live up to its much-hyped logline :
to see this kind of stupidity except on dvd .
the plot twist are so predictable its not even worth
watching for the humor factor.also some of the worst dialogue i
calling the main character a faggot for drawing pictures.2/10
which also functions as a revolt against the cruel world.the film is based entirely on a pair of hapless lovers.pierre and renee were mistaken
especially if they do it as well as in the best scene of this movie
it is much more enjoyable on big screen than on tv.even
watching this on big screen is a waste of money for the ticket cost ,
an unforgettable experience
that include such weapon as flamethrower ,
bad for the big named actor
rarely seen
being that i loved the original `` caligula '' even with all its flaw ,
and the roman costumes look like cheap crap
it is a movie trailer.the acting has got to be some of the worst i
as loudly and obnoxiously annoyingly
just dragging it down with the ridiculousness of their delivery.courtney love 's part consist of her
because she is either drunk or high or just mumbling idiotically.karen black is just annoying ... randomly laughing ,
caligula 's four year reign was greater than jesus 's birth and death.honestly ,
this has got to be the worst
worst trailer ever .
at creating an appealing visual style and an even bigger lump of clich\u00e9s and a weak sense of humor and a really big budget ?
it is just too bad
and it is also too bad that most of them come across as irritating !
who recommended this movie to me .
avoid watching it at all cost .
the production is poor ,
even john wayne 's or fess parker 's version had more life than this stolid mess ,
while being only slightly less accurate.very disappointing
avoid it .
pretty bad movie offer nothing new .
acting is barely above pathetic .
owen wilson truly turns in one of the worst performance in recent horror-movie history .
catherine zeta jone is fun to look at and not much else
however they can not makeup for the poor acting and the storyline
to matching the wit and craziness of the excellent adventure
but it takes a wrong turn and journey nowhere interesting or funny.there is almost a half-hour wasted on showing the guy
is done poorly
and lacks spark for comedy or audience involvement .
but nothing really creative or funny.skip this bogus thing .
thimothy dalton as caesar is perfect
nor a peplum but a great love story.after the parricide
i found the second episode dull
they are so poor
that it is funny.finally ,
it still makes a great superman adventure .
a must see for anyone.10/10 star
that with such a great premise and great tumlent this turkey just lays there ! ! !
or when it was done ! too much tumlent wasted on such a weak script and poor editing ! !
because a friend owned it and let me watch it ... i am going to throw it at him for the 2 hour i wasted of my life
this dull thing is precisely the kind of serial
why mst3k never did episode 10
( usually the best thing in serial )
helmet is totally ridiculous-looking ?
no matter how bad
was it awful ) .
2/10 .
this was probably the worst dcom ever .
is great for kid
but the acting and casting was horrible.brenda song is a comedic actress
it was laugh out loud funny watching her cry over shin .
that it was just corny and stupid .
that i remembered everything with great accuracy
because they are bad .
i found the writing in this movie absolutely terrible.the only thing
it as a 1/10 was lacy chabert 's performance
but i found her role pretty bland
that her acting was great.as for the male lead
however the terrible
terrible
terrible end/solution
the role of the psychic and even the role of psychic were just some of the worst writing
the remaining passenger and crew must escape the ship andavoid personal conflict in order to survive.the film starts out very well .
is `` a actriss '' -- and a wasted tadanobu asano
that but hou gives us nothing to feel in cafe lumiere beyond a bland photo essay of life in tokyo circa 2003 and the flabbergasting observation
flower of shanghai is one of the most rarefied
but at least it has two great shot ,
while making cafe lumiere seems to have been to remove the two great shot from millennium mambo
you are now cribbing from both of these tedious fraud
unfortunately
their admittedly-colorful gimmick can not cover up the weakness of this updated plot ,
it is a weak attempt at an occult/satanic type movie laden with sex and only sex
the only redeeming factor was the setting and atmosphere ,
avoid this one
oh and the goat scene was very boring ,
leslie nielsen was vocally a bit weak for his role
it is hard to choose a favorite from the film 's scene .
until this famous and well-loved film was created ,
still the best ,
who made this gem .
this was `` amazing ''
`` it is the greatest movie ever done '' .
do not waste your time and money on this movie today or tomorrow .
this movie is poorly conceived ,
poorly acted ,
and poorly written.jon heder is terribly annoying ,
this is an awful re-make of the u.s. movie `` wide awake '' by the british !
`` wide awake '' is strange but entertaining and funny !
to embarrass poor coca bloss ,
she is a great lady
this british film is boringly made.what an exciting plot !
how could the writer and producer of this stinker turn this into such a dull story ? glenn ford ,
is given awful writing material
who loved train
it was highly insulting to show this man
the result is frequently dull ,
it is a disappointing film from an acclaimed director .
worst scene ?
not funny .
do not waste your time ...
and relative independence from labour - an arrangemant
called pla\u00e7age.feast of all saint is a beautifully written story about the child of one such woman
the result of just such an arrangemant with a local gentleman
the costume are wonderful ,
even the sympathetic one
and i thoroughly enjoyed it .
hate this pathetic woman ,
if its such a `` great '' show
please seek help you do not know what is funny .
her stand up comedy is just so stupid ,
the show tries to poke fun at stereo type and other thing
that are not funny at all .
carlos mencia is funny and to that stupid poster
unfortunately
how bad the acting is ,
but good lord was her accent terrible .
laughable .
( or even mediocre )
film.i would give the king maker a 1/10 ,
2/10 .
and was expecting basketball to be funny but nowhere near as good
recommended to anyone with a good sense of humor .
this move is about as bad
there are many great shot of the southwest
i have never seen such a terrible movie in my life !
because i was fascinated by the sheer stupidity and naivity of it .
to feed our poor chinese ethren in christ .
provide little to redeem this incredibly bad movie .
i would give it three oscar for stupidity.by the way ,
but subor is ruthlessly fascinating
and the voice-over narration for denis 's `` beau travail '' was annoying anyway .
but strikingly beautiful
but no more than one would have listening to their dryer tumbling tennis balls.will ferrell wastes his time in this movie
the movie is so heavy and dull
( be it cheap or more elaborate )
in my book rosemary 's baby is a far greater achievement
when i first saw the romeo division last spring my first reaction was brilliant !
this is the art of film at its best .
won the best actress trophy at the 60th canne festival .
and jeon-do yeon received a best actress nod from asia pacific screen award .
this movie won the best film award in virtually all korean film festival .
secret sunshine prompt us to deal with life 's messiness and find meaning
just a horrible movie .
to dialogue to effect was very near perfection.claire dane shine like the star
who gives the audience the greatest bit of comic relief
if you are looking for a fun and enjoyable movie
that will be fun for the kid and adult alike ,
( really sick and nasty scene ) .the maker of this unforgettable torture show tried to make it as real as possible
without committing murder on tape.of course some of the special effect are rather poor but the idea
skip jame and j.b. lenoir .
such as nick cave and the bad seed among other .
the death of j.b. lenoir
lenoir got political engaged
the movie is definitely the worst of the trilogy ,
is beautiful and plays well with the major theme of the movie .
i give it an 8/10 .
with.it is self-indulgent stone at his best .
unfortunately
depicting the terribly bloody deadly waste
just because war in itself is terrible.this says nothing of the fact
that the ending or the final big `` twist '' was a bit stupid .
when it made a dreadful `` wrong turn . ''
it was virtually story-less and ultimately boring -
so instead of being some one-dimensional bad guy with no clear motivation ,
it hits all the worst
and the bulk of the film is solid enough
it was great ! !
and this was right up there as one of my favorite .
dennis quaid was great .
it is a great movie .
that vulcan babe had one hell of an incredible rack.but i do
i am going to get hooked on this series.3/10
who intercepts alien message on his computer .
`` end of the world '' is remarkably dull .
this movie has such inexorable b class cheapness to all its scene
and starring some of the greatest stage star of the day .
`` singing in the bathtub '' is an absolutely amazing production number
but the film gets high mark for a fun script and decent acting .
pfft more like lorenzo lameass this guy has as much acting ability
to make a really bad movie even worse .
the worse thing there is 2more snake eater movie ! ... ...
lame plot and two-dimensional script made character look like cardboard cut-out .
i have seen worse .
at how many great review this movie has garnished .
( obnoxious bi-partisanship )
audio is terrible and inconsistent ;
the actor were terrible .
everyone ! peace randh besties4lyf
sadly
as a crutch and i lost interest.the filmmaker did a great job
and it detracts greatly from what could have been an enjoyable piece of escapism .
that is so long and pathetic
the impressive screenwriting acrobatic can not overcome the bad filmmaking.as
if a ridiculous chase sequence was not bad enough ,
was not bad enough
and it turned into a redundant waste of time .
sadly none of the actor can help this hopelessly misguided film
from being forgettable.while this
what is true is that to get great box office
you do not need a great movie or a great actor ,
an extremely annoying speaker ,
this a stupid collection of cut for stupid person.do not ever buy this film !
`` the legend begins '' in the small city of `` perfection '' ,
the character spend an awful lot of time on the ground ,
disappointing .
unfortunately `` convention city '' is lost ,
it is a superb and exciting adventure story .
i have always enjoyed the jungle film
but there are few from the genre i would call great film .
`` tarzan and his mate '' is by far the best film from this long gone subgenre .
and the plot is so weak .
awful acting + dull script + wrong use of the american pie franchise = totuml waste of time !
like 2 funny scene : )
although from seeing the horribly awful camera angle and hearing the disgusting script i realized
was the worst movie ever made
for the most part boredom was the worst part of this movie ,
where we actually chuckled several time during some of the worse scene
she instead devises a horrible plan to 'get ' the man
i call it a horrible plan
bad dialog
bad acting
bad ending .
and bill paxton did a superb job at directing .
it was good to see that some of the subtle
yet wonderful thing i had noticed were intentional
where this film lacks ,
without destroying the mood or the message of the movie .
the picture is probably the best brazilian film of 2004
with subtle non-chronological hidden point
the road rover was a great show about canine superhero
too bad
it would at least have made this mess tolerable .
the cinematography is just plain awful .
and the end result is a bland thriller with lame twist and washed up actor .
but not even she saves `` consequence '' from being trash and not funny trash
is the greatest love of their life .
the movie did a terrible injustice
made a bad choice with .
the first matrix movie was lush with incredible character development
-- coupled by incredible special effect of the day --
about the supporting character in the movie.the removal of 'tank ' was also a disappointment .
tank 's involvement in the first film was minimal at best ,
sadly
-- you will certainly walk away feeling gravely disappointed.however ,
and forget the incredible story inconsistency and the untwining of already-established character development from the first film ,
while taking in the awesome scenic of animal in their natural habitat and environmental message of the circle of life can be cruel
( witness a great white shark gulping down a walrus seal as a quick meal ! )
the basso profundo tone of narrator jame earl jone solidify its 'god 's eye view ' and profundity .
( even the working class with no stake in conventional bourgeois notion of perfection and beauty buy into them ) .
and it is close to a perfect 10 .
especially when it is done by the stunningly beautiful woman
kira reed looks good but fails to convince as the woman in peril .
then the tag line for this movie is probably still misleading.this is by far one of the most boring movie i
only the fictional movie is 10 time less interesting than the most boring debate on c-span.i think
painfully bland.the introduction of the character ,
her solid acting performance raised her presence above
the obvious low-budget impact on the film with poorly shot scene
the actor save tinseltown from the `` terrible movie '' archive
but still funny
where the story unravels toward it is final moment.i can see how tinseltown was a great stage play
and while the film-maker did their best
the first 30 minute dulled my sense
but this film was just so poor
the plot is ridiculous
the acting astoundingly bad .
who greenlit this mess ?
and avoid this hideous mess .
the perfect man for the job
surprisingly ( and thankfully ) ,
this is not a perfect film ,
not perfect
but this movie is spotty at best .
i will state the good point of `` the return of the jedi '' and a few corresponding bad point of the prequel .
i loved the music
- a strong ecological concern - anti-militarist position - fascinating insight about the jedi order and the force - cute creatures - harrison ford 's smile - a killer scene :
if you like them so god damn awful
the worst movie i have seen in my life
of what makes this movie was bad
is so so terrible
it is one of the funniest thing i
but he is one-dimansional and boring
adding physical weakness and agony to a powerful animal body
was fun
that the film must be pretty boring
it was clunky at best .
robert morely got to have a bit of fun with his kooky geezer character and a nice vacation out of it .
this adaptation wonderfully synthesizes tolkien 's universe with 1970s psychedelium
but it is beautiful none the less ,
it superbly captures the expressive bodily and facial gesture of the acting
while at once not forgetting to be subtle and nuanced .
but the transition to abstracted setting is always motivated by the narrative and contributes greatly to the theme of the film .
to send subliminal politically-correct message
it is so poorly lit and murky
( although perhaps the bad video transfer may also have had something to do with that ) .
`` murky '' is also the best word
my wife did not realize what a gem this movie was
and determination.that is so refreshing in a world of violent movie
excellent plot within a plot within a plot .
is not it.9/10
i am quite functional in my personal and professional life .
often it is assumed that the addict just one day started to shoot up or whatever for fun or pleasure or self-interest ,
some kid simply respond badly to divorce .
a stupid story
it is full of lame
crude joke and a totally ridiculous plot revolving around a developer 's
that just did not capture my attention at all.in addition to dangerfield the film starred a weak cast ,
) this truly is a dangerfield disaster.2/10
which are filmed great .
somewhat funny and well-paced action thriller
which are flat-out excellent.foxx is pretty good here
although his character is annoying in the beginning ,
his cat is painfully unfunny .
the rest of the movie is just as bad .
and clearly a waste of million of dollar .
alec balwin try to do a funny great santini impression ,
avoid this movie at all cost
then we will have the bad-seuss movie-starring-spasitc- comedian trilogy . )
an accumulation of the very worst in dialogue
awful casting ,
she possesses the worst russian accent in movie history.as i left the screening ,
one of my favorite shows back in the '70 .
darren mcgavin and simon oakland were great together.each episode usually reached a climax with kolchack
the final showdown saw kolchack trying to short circuit the 'power beast ' amidst an explosion of spark and billowing flame .
and this was one of his best.definitely deserves a place in tv 's `` hall of fame '' .
straight-to-tape oddity is embarrassing and ridiculous
sadly
how poor the script ,
and you can see the unfunny result .
this was obviously a quite cheap movie
not that this is a bad thing ,
in that regard this movie most certainly does not disappoint.8/10
and just plain stupid.it went nowhere ,
it was just a bunch of drawn out pointless snuff scene and a really stupid ending
a really weak main cop character
that was a waste of a actor like pare ,
in his farm house at night like a bunch of poorly written teenage character
a bunch of horrible real life animal snuff scene in the beginning for no reason or explanation ,
stupider cop you never saw in a film .
making their appearance in the film and the excellent script ,
awful animation
sold on the back of a poor cartoon and other paraphernalia ,
is more far fetched and more laughable than anything in either transformer movie
really bad movie knock off ,
what is up with the awful long 1990s haircut and all the earring on the guy ?
worst of all
the jerky guy make out great ,
the jerkiest guy do best .
and it has a great compilation of actor like william h. macy
which result to be one of my favorite movie ever !
this is another absolutely superb performance from the divine miss m. from the beginning to the end ,
ron perlman is laughable .
the baby is really stupid looking ,
what a mess .
very bad .
and the ending is just ridiculous .
terrible .
at some part it is so awfully stupid
or ( and this is really my favorite ) snuffs a bad guy
does a wonderful job as bruce wayne and batman .
it is also great to have the old batman :
.villain were also great -
this sets up lot of really funny moment ,
and lot of great fight choreography .
it is one of the best of the kung fu genre .
that this movie was incredibly beautiful and emotional .
the story was beautifully complex - especially for such a short amount of time .
i was amazingly impressed with how he played such unique and different character .
the acting was absolutely superb by him .
it is rare you get to see such a high quality short .
but ... but ... .unfortunately
the filmmaker undercut their own movie with idiotic camera-work and truly awful editing .
one ought not waste time on this travesty .
that an overdose of that great over-the-counter ain-medicine
a forgettable pile of dreck made in 1987 ,
much worse in every conceivable angle with ultra-low 80s value
that film is probably the most boring film i
since it is not even bad enough
to be funny .
( 4/10 )
that hidden frontier is not at all that bad .
and the line are awful .
with low low resolution is a waste of talent .
even the `` higre '' episode is considered bad quality
sadly the title is about as funny as it gets.led by detective dick mason
equally this film was probably a lot funnier in 1978 with the whole
so bad its good concept .
the singing in the film seems pointless and the advert for the furniture store
unfortunately terrible would be the way
as this was quite possibly the worst movie i have seen in the last five year .
both my wife and i were in a great mood
and we were genuinely looking forward to a funny popcorn movie .
and we were not expecting to see the most amazing movie ever .
after 40 minute of enduring the most painfully unfunny bit of garbage i have ever seen ,
terrible acting
thin plot and annoying character are your thing ,
because i have already wasted almost an hour trying
have a lot of redeeming quality
as being one of the so-called `` so bad ,
or being a `` so bad
he spouts some really funny line for no apparent reason .
but sadly
you get the idea.the dialogue is terrible
perhaps this was meant to be funny ,
( usually to much greater effect )
this served to make the film funny
but here it is not funny at all.and ,
that is very bad ,
singing some very bad song
this reviewer likes bad movie
this is a poor effort.on a positive note ,
to avoid this movie .
to avoid it !
absolutely loved it ... the advertising campaign is disgrace/disaster/blunder.opened at # 4 behind ... # 1-rush hour
.whether it was poor scheduling or poor advertising i think
and not advertised as just another fairytale too bad :
now that i have very pointlessly ranted on-and-on ... awesome movie ,
whether this film is original in the context of danish cinema - unfortunately ,
( the writing could have been subtler in some instance ) ,
that is bad enough ,
at least some good came out of this chaotic mess.one and a half star .
you want bad
and can hardly express my disappointment in little laura ingall for getting involved in something so poorly produced .
if it was horrible writing or bad
but it leaves a viewer very disappointed
in having wasted the time to watch this swill .
it consisted of a weak naive story line
very poor line ,
unfortunately this was not enough .
you would be better off to rent a tape full of static than to waste your time on this crap .
i give it a 10/10 .
that are best described as `` extreme '' \u0096 some are extremely lonely ;
and a mentally ill woman keeps hitching ride with stranger and insulting them
i totally loved this series ,
it remains my favorite anime .
this is an excellent anime series
the idea of marrying a stranger through the mutual arrangement of parent is difficult
aside from the poor premise
the acting is not the best either ,
goldberg gives a mediocre performance
overall a disappointment.3/10
this movie is a terrible waste of time .
is why such a terrible movie was released in so many country .
because although she is beautiful
but since he is so funny its got ta be funny . ''
i can not make myself watch this pile of crap after the dream boxing match/insult war ,
that terrible comedy hurting you is ridiculous ,
not to be confused with the madonna film `` the next best thing '' ,
fraught with lousy acting
poor set and costuming
`` ... thing '' has earned some awful review
the cast is fairly mediocre in their performances.still i give the film some point for its haunting theme song and nice filming location .
not great ,
the real star of this ridiculous story is glorious technicolor .
the film fails to stimulate the mind and heart .
what follows is a huge disappointment .
dietrich 's amazing wardrobe outshines her performance
i found it through a rare video dealer ,
the best film made during the pre-code era
masterful director frank borzage made wonderful film about the depression ,
the hardship of the era.loretta young and spencer tracy have a wonderful chemistry between them ,
and they help make this movie a wonderful romance .
but this one is truly awful.the acting is lame ,
the script is bad ,
at least they should make it bloody.avoid this cheap piece of trash at all costs.if
'' just before dawn '' or `` humongous '' - just do not waste your precious time with this worthless piece of garbage .
mighty morphin power ranger has got to be the worst television show ever made .
the costume look like something out of a bad comedy ,
and the show is just plain awful.the only thing worse
boring and appallingly acted
this movie may be the worst movie i
it is testimony to how hollywood did its best
marching by the great choreographer
he tells a fascinating story .
where the audience back then aware of these imperfection ?
this is a little gem of a picture ,
the low-budget opening title of this movie are great :
and the other interior set look basic at best .
meaning the other costume are perfunctory ,
( charlton heston ) share a meal of expensive and rare food neatly summarises their society : they enjoy real bourbon
depicts him immersed in image of the world 's once-beautiful flora and fauna
beautifully contrasted with the jaundiced thorn 's dawning realization
and its core message is as pertinent today
-- and even more to make it a fan favorite after all these year .
which has since has become revered as one of the best for the film of its time ,
completing an almost perfect dramatic arc
and providing the perfect backbone for the extraordinary action sequences.but
what really solidifies the movie are the venom themselves .
but great actor as well .
it seems that everyone has a favorite venom
-- best known to many as mad dog from hard-boiled --
and curious presence.both actor play off each other illiantly and ing solid dimension to character
the character are perfectly contrasted ,
i particularly enjoyed the turn-around of the trophy young hunk
but subsequent viewing reveal it to be a thoroughly classy and beautifully written short story.both the lead
and yet trent is far from a sympathetic character .
because it was so amazingly stupid
who also were not laughing at the stupid and crude humor .
the movie is just stupid has bad flow
what a waste of a perfectly good story .
and loved it ,
then do not waste your time
that so badly botches it
the encounter were lame .
though the special effect in the cathedral finale are solid
but otherwise the supporting cast is extremely weak .
i found this episode to be one of funniest i
the south park creator have done the best spoof of a romero film i
rarely would i find any sense
it might be wonderful
as it did win an oscar for best foreign language film .
the plot of a man falling for beautiful woman and eventually falling for the good girl has been done so many time .
and it was fun to see oskar werner after fahrenheit 451 ,
the mandatory suburbanite humor poking fun at modern art for sale .
and fun to think of writer
and also those amazing techno drop by minty and zhv
was worse
and needed the 1.what is even worse ,
this is insulting./hjm
but lame and cheap .
it was the excellent 'gremlin'.then came the very average 'critter'.let
not forget the lousy 'ghouly'.but the complete pit would have to go to 'hobgoblin'.is there more ? ?
that is where the fun occurs .
the creature themselves look rather bland
and poorly detailed ,
and steal what is probably the best guarded bit of paper in the world ?
cage has been in some great action movie - 'face-off ' and 'the rock ' -
his character is pretty annoying really - somehow this 'ordinary ' guy steal the declaration of independancd
and all in all it was quite a disappointment .
worse still
made worse by indifferent performance and lackluster direction by brad syke ,
that ed wood 's movie are 'fun '
boring and almost completely devoid of any redeeming virtue ,
badly-conceived junk .
the 3-d format is utterly wasted here .
it fails grossly on the joke
it is a mess ,
but you better spend a night in your favorite club .
this movie was probably the biggest waste of my life ever .
the acting was pathetic .
it was flat out annoying .
it was also an insult to figure skater .
do not waste your life .
that for 33 minutes.there is a single redeeming quality to dumbland
meta funny .
it is so bad
that it is not even funny
because it is so bad .
is a little funny.if
then buy dumbland .
he was my favorite host of the show
i rarely missed an episode during his run ,
that comprised the best clip from the entire week ,
one episode was dedicated to making fun of multiplicity ,
maybe these do not sound as funny
henson and tyler were both great host as well .
i have wasted enough time
at the same time i feel bad for the little guy ,
it does not help any message .
or c-i really do not have anything to say bad about it
it is not easy to make a movie about such a terrible illness and its consequence about not only one
just hateful.after taking great pain
.this is not the worst film i have ever seen
do not waste your time .
amazingly
the acting is no better than the horrible dialog .
and the attempt at humor are not funny .
and put on a fundraising musical revue .
their last dance is a classic return to formality with a melodramatic piece beautifully
set to a stunning arrangement of `` let 's face the music and dance '' .
hilliard is an extremely dull presence ,
one of the few movie i have actually not been able to watch due to lameness.the acting is terrible ,
the camera work is terrible ,
the plot is ridiculous
person generally put it in a bag.they use the same stupid sound effect
and they use toy gun with dubbed in sound effects.worst movie ever .
and it is not horrible ;
it is not really bad
it was also refreshing to hear an theory on the evolution of society
highly recommended viewing .
jamie foxx is my favorite comedian .
who have all seen their talent wasted by stereotyping producer
is a funny concept
she had loved - harris arden
by minot and cunningham is rich in atmosphere and subtle life lesson .
but also with an ensemble cast of ief but very solid performance .
they were highly unfunny
to make you get into the already dull movie .
just went on and on about nothing but a bunch of unfunny joke and a predictable plot.all in all
one of the worse movie i have seen of 2006
unfunny
bad acting ,
avoid .
one out of four are not bad ... )
it is funny ,
and the ending is surprisingly good .
a solid comedy with a warm heart ,
kazan 's early film noir won an oscar .
widmark is wonderful as usual .
i liked the roman one best
-- but what i really enjoyed the most was seeing all of keaton 's amazing acrobatic .
all three time period were good old fashioned fun and the film ,
while not his best ,
is still an exceptional and enjoyable film .
the trailer to the movie was one of the best i
the background are excellent
this is a very bad movie .
there is maybe one funny joke ,
it is stupid
and it is boring .
and everyone act stupid and ridiculous .
it looked funny ,
do not waste you are precious time on such a ridiculous and stupid movie.i was wondering
but it gets worse .
stupid
that movie as extremely bad forever.the writer and co-producer of this film is a simpson tv writer ,
nicole kidman is a wonderful actress
and here she is great .
this is not great cinema
part three is definitely the worst of the series
is really nothing memorable about `` phantasm iii '' other than how stupid and forcefully `` humorous '' it tries to be .
which i still rank as my top favorite horror flick and his respectable sequel kept thing moving and darkly surreal and gory ,
( stupid title )
this is an ultra-cheap ,
shot-on-video wannabe x-file with terrible
that attempts to explain a pointlessly convoluted plot .
to make this film enjoyable in a mst3k way .
there are some great camera work
the main vampire also looks perfect for the role .
if you want to see an original vampire movie with a great story ,
he lives in a wonderful world \u0096
that there was at least something redeeming about the elder other .
this movie is absolutely beautiful .
in this magically beautiful place
i also find it wonderful
this is one of the stupidest f # @ k !
there were about 3 or 4 mediocre fight scene throughout ,
normally a great villain - see `` sharky 's machine '' ;
and because of that he lacks his usual charisma ) .
shallow and forgettable cop movie .
1st watched 4/29/2007 - 4/10
which in itself is also ridiculous :
i feared the worst knowing its reputation ,
and it was as god-awful as i would anticipated .
this is a mexican-made mess ,
it is got terrible set and effect ,
while singing terrible holiday song in a variety of language ,
this easily makes my personal list of the `` worst movie i have ever seen '' ,
this is such a wonderful movie !
i loved it .
but here he is great .
i loved the whole speech
the writing was excellent .
a great dialogue writer
and message
a truly excellent film .
that is how strong this movie is.the movie is amazing .
it is too incredible
not to get a perfect ten .
that this film is just too amazing
bad plot
bad sfx
but the fighting scene were excellent !
jet li is the greatest martial-art star alive !
this is a typical `` perfect crime '' thriller .
a perfect crime is executed and the investigating police officer ,
she is truly a funny girl ,
what is the best about her comedy is that its so natural and what i mean about that is ,
enjoyed watching in the past such as
the bonus in this film is a fascinating insight into the slowly changing attitude of modern japan toward everything from ballroom dancing to physical contact .
good.this is a great introduction to contemporary japanese filmmaking for those
is met with smug accusation of being either stupid or on the payroll of the oil company
a good memory includes not only romantic feeling about a beautiful stranger and a beautiful european city ,
this is an enjoyable movie
.what a disappointment
and it seemed even worse )
the dueling and fencing was awful and undramatic.looking back with more mature eye
russian roulette.a pathetic betrayal
-- perhaps the greatest comic novelist of his generation
as that he did all those awful roger moore jame bond film .
-- it is that bad ) .
but the lyric are stupid beyond word ) .
than sit through this insult
with having to be in this dreadful movie .
blends the best of alistar sim and charle laughton
it is rather dull
as his beloved former wife evelyn was also one ,
for the most part this movie was a tad dull .
before reaching a pointless conclusion .
wonderful .
obtrusively annoying ,
( and it is too bad that
the actor are all fantastic ,
how bad it was the first time .
that what i thought was funny
some beautiful exterior photography gets steamrolled by random camera placement in interior shot .
how awful her performance really is .
something profound.this is too bad to even be funny ;
gus van zant has done other good-to-great movie
this mess .
of into the amazing view of the wondrous temple of the mountain in tibet.just a beautiful view !
a childhood favorite of mine .
once it gets put on to film what a mess we have on our hand .
lame joke
and stupid antic
everyone gave a solid performance ,
amazingly enough ,
i had fun .
that the movie was fairly bad ,
thunderbird is a forgettable mess .
it would have been an incredible film worthy of the thunderbird name .
having just wasted a couple of hour watching this and for 80 % of that time in complete disbelief ,
too bad the story was so boring .
that is an excellent way
mott the hoople rear up before one in all their inflated ridiculousness ,
and that is no bad thing .
and director paul mazursky can not get cher out of her perpetual funk
who rarely come to life .
this list of ingredient should suffice for a great horror movie .
i like to organize `` bad movie evening '' from time to time .
and immerse yourself in the worst cinema can offer .
for such an evening this peace of filth is one of the best .
as if it were a great achievement .
this movie was so unbelievably bad i could not stop laughing
it is bad in a nice way .
but it should be in the top 10 of worst movie
i was shocked by the ridiculously unbelievable plot of tigerland .
this is also the most annoying one-hour-format tv show ever ,
hence the worst.all the man act like pansy ,
badly conceived
laughable ,
like the unbelievably annoying musical number
are unconvincing and embarrassingly unfunny .
it is yet another dull `` objection overruled sustained your honour may i call the witness '' legalistic baloney
who is really bad and kills person
god have mercy on you..you must read to book immediately..this movie is worse than hunchback of notre dame ii the animated movie ,
the dark and oppressive outdoor beautifully complement olmos ' excellent acting .
i saw this little belgian gem two day
i was very disappointed ,
the quality of the special effect were laughable by today 's standard ,
but all in all it was laugh out loud funny !
- really tickled my funny bone .
i also enjoyed trying to figure out
from then on the film is mostly boring .
had it not been so boring for the most part .
i would avoid this
add a deal of fun to this run of the mill `` genetic mistake monster movie '' .
( ..wasted in the stereotypical role of corrupt administrative executive
and this imitation might amuse where the monster itself fails .
angel town is seriously one of the most inept message movie ever made
worst of all there are so many awkward moment
best of all comes from the exchange between gruner and aragon
how ridiculous this thing is .
it is so terrible
all of this set to the sound of horrible `` mexican '' accent and surreal energy
this is the perfect movie for you .
like the laughable opening song detail `` are not no mercy in angel town '' * out of 4-
and i enjoyed the ride .
some great character
fun filled prank
some great funny character
the character are likable and funny ,
the fun and game are hilarious ,
great energy and an outstanding leading actor playing richard .
compared to what i remember of him at the time.the best scene are richard getting jilted by lucille
that was exceptionally boring.except for acting ,
this is a truly awful film .
but it was always enjoyable to watch
and the voice cast was not too bad.this suffer from bad casting and bad acting
involved in disaster.avoid this rubbish like the plague.i
only give it 1/10
oh my god.. the worst sh*t i have ever
the character was played in affected and annoying way .
are her stupid faces with more stupid attempt
terrible
do not waste your time .
spanish horror are not bad at all ,
it is badly directed ,
badly acted and boring ... boring ... boring
because of tax eak and cheaper cost in a civilized city like toronto
a great egotistical has-been
eands is funny
is funny
funny
funny
worst bob hope comedy ever
the acting by the two leading man was terrible
which is rare .
without these laugh-out-loud momants i would have given this film 2/10 .
when you are dealing with a filmmaker of jame glickenhaus ' calie.mcbain is truly one of the most ridiculous ,
uplifting message
that a film does not have to club you over the head with its message
kurt russell must have had a fun life .
and this nudie movie about abortion and hockey is just boring .
never dull
the punch bowl over poor jeremy 's head early in the film is so obviously taken from carrie
who is so full of himself and bad with woman
about how bad poor jeremy was treated ,
and jason is a perfect example of the effort ,
that he is terrible with woman ,
but his role in the film was so poorly thought out
made difficult to predict in at least one subtle way
unfortunately
because it is so obvious from how badly he plagiarizes the film .
`` bruce almighty '' look and sounds incredibly stupid
i found in it a deeper message
and though it is not his usual type of film or one of his best role ,
he does excellent with what he is given to work with .
but overall it manages to be somewhat funny .
and the message is clear ,
the film is far from perfect
but still enjoyable ,
especially if we see the deeper message of the film .
this really is/was a dull movie .
but dull nonetheless .
the story drawn out and predictable
or dreadfully miscast .
all in all i was very disappointed .
the plot is awful ...
its not the unpredictable mess everyone say
the script is weak most of the time ,
but the ending is awful .
all this `` horror '' movie was about was a group of whiny bitch doing stupid thing for 90 minute ,
as this really is a terrible movie
to be something great ,
so you do not get to really know these character or enjoy them.the acting was terrible
stupid bitch .
whatever.the filming of the movie is absolutely terrible .
the filming was terrible
this movie is so cheap ,
like a terrible home-movie filmed in the middle of the road at night with a bunch of stupid girl screaming
when the script is terrible ,
the acting is terrible
and the picture quality and filming are horrendous.this was a horrible low-budget movie .
avoid it at all costs.1/10
excellent country - road music score from quincy jone
amazing performance in two principal role from robert blake and scott wilson and first time in a movie a sad comment about capital punishment at the last moment before their death .
superbly directed and frightening
one of the best film of this decade
but it was very beautiful
i.e not sensationalised greatly
blunt held her own beautifully as well ,
i loved it ,
how ridiculous the government were back in those time
as they did not seem to give two hoot about the poor and dispossessed of the nation ,
short subject were the perfect complement to the studio ' feature film .
great doc ,
but how sad for it to end up as a rock-bottom remainder.i loved this film ,
anyone using racial prejudice with such bad intent like lanto
they are all monster and i blame them for destroying my life
terrible terrorism of street gang ,
sandwiched in between san francisco and captain courageous two of spencer tracy 's greatest part is this very curious film about war and the effect
tone is a weak character
perhaps that is the best reaction
that does not mean that it lacks unity :
it is rare to see such a dense and profound portrait of a woman in pain.shin-ae ,
the poor mother is going through .
is for instance amazing ) .
aesthetically incredible ,
bad point for a melodrama
the worst thing was the casting of roscoe and boss hogg .
and even worse was m.c .
the worst example of this is when the the general gets together with billy prickett ,
grandpa is extremely annoying ,
chris mitchum for some reason also pointless wander around the filming set as the hot mommy 's husband on business travel .
and absolutely laughable
who talked about `` excellent special effect ''
it is difficult to ing up its weak point in the company of such rave review .
that make the lack of a satisfactory plot and its execution so disappointing .
the rather dull narration of the stupidity of an insipid girl
of how to work with these wonderful lens and forest lighting ;
the rest is a waste of time .
the good earth follows the life a slave girl and a poor farmer in china .
the story is great
walter connolly is laughable as the farmer 's father .
and boring .
this is one of the greatest child-pet movie
best movie ever !
the line in the movie are sometimes stupid .
but when i was six i bet i loved that line .
i can not believe i waste my time watching this garbage !
that violent reaction to aggression is bad ,
the only message i was able to glean from this pap
and alternate living arrangement are bad .
and bad person happen to good person .
deveraux we come to find is now part of a government funded company
which sounds like a fun idea for an action movie and a take on a sequel ,
but that does not stop it from becoming stupid as hell .
nothing works better than a white good guy fighting a black bad guy
potentially offensive and just downright lame .
either.universal soldier 2 is a lousy sequel .
the screenplay is very good with great dialogue and character ,
the performance particularly by caine are amazing .
my little sister 's elementary school talent show provides greater range and depth of emotion .
that could have made this movie worse
it is already as bad
horrible
horrible tv show !
awful .
the comedy is not funny at all .
another horrible show .
and have fun ,
it has some great character actor in it too .
i loved her in austin power .
this is fun and light ,
is so bad
but this rushed quickie is little more than an insult to an audience
it ... tori spelling is not a great actress.. and this movie
the movie 's plot was weak ...
directed by superb story teller
the film is great on many level .
and ( best of all ) is a hilarious comedy.one thing
it is a fun film ,
and easy to recommend.7.4/10
and the best part ?
this was a superb episode
one of the best of both season .
( great makeup btw ) ,
i just loved rob schmidt 's
he has a great knack for horror .
excellent episode
`` still crazy '' is without a doubt the greatest rock comedy of all-time .
`` still crazy '' is populated by great actor
great song and great human situation .
for being a bit boring ,
i do not know what else to say about this horrible movie
that it would be a horrible piece of crap ,
but i loved war game so i indulged my whim .
very bad plot line
that they have seen worst movie than this one please tell me .
after i watched her in the oh in ohio and best in show .
with all of the awful reality show out there over the past few year ,
this one has to take over the top spot for worst one yet .
the band commit the ultimate act of patheticness by subjecting themselves to auditioning a bunch of talentless wannabe
so they trot all of these awful singer
who do atrocious rendition of just about every classic ( and predictable )
lame reality participant
lame interview
lame host/emcee
lame `` judging '' of performance
and the lame booting of one participant at the end of each show .
can these show get any more predictable ?
not that inxs were ever a great band ,
there is a worse movie in the world.i hate this movie ,
that was involved in this movie burn and rot in the darkest circle of hell.damn this disgusting waste of time.i pray every day
but being relatively ignorant of quantum physic aside from what i recalled from the excellent `` short history of nearly everything ''
the obvious nonsense of the story of the indian being unable to see the ship of the explorer was ridiculous .
named `` ramtha '' completely upset the applecart for me.what a waste of two hour .
great music
and excellent visual
this one of the best celeity 's reality shows a ever saw .
we can how a great person she his .
she his really funny really gentle
i they make a second season of this great show
go britney your the best
i found part i to be enjoyable enough ,
but suffer grievously from seberg 's dull
but then that is difficult to funk on the photogenic french riviera
who suffer undeservedly seberg 's spiteful teenaged snot-nose jealousy
to kerr belong this film 's sole great and memorable on-screen moment.the dialogue is unnatural - i agree with an earlier reviewer
that it sounds to be `` badly translated '' from french ;
combine the unnatural scripting with seberg 's incomparably dull
because his end was held up by those great cinema pro william holden and jack hawkin
the main character goes through a bad day
i give it a 7/10 .
amazing for i have seen the first half of this movie 3 time ,
there just stupid thing that happen at random .
is horrible i have seen batter acting in toy ad !
other side affectts may enguled lose of any or all metal funkion .
and creasy is badly injured in the process .
the only problem is the annoying visual style ,
the same annoying style was recently used on `` domino ''
that otherwise great movie.-another person i feel
to be great harry gregson william
little fanning does yet another great job here
for him he gets to play a great character .
how i was being cheated with cheap knock offs.halloween
not only is halloween a great horror movie ,
but also a great film .
it was a 10 on the unintentional funny scale .
dialog is dumbfoundingly stupid ,
chase scene are uniformly boring ,
if not his best ,
it is my most loved of all bogdanovich movie.this unique masterpiece remind us
with a superb cast and a glorious soundtrack
( including the best of sinatra 's `` trilogy '' ) ,
and beautiful
absolutely beautiful .
he was incredible .
it is an amazing viewing experience - even enthralling .
to add insult to injury ,
that rotj was clearly the best out of the three star war movie .
that rotj is considered the weakest installment in the trilogy by many
to me it seemed like rotj was the best
to be the best of the trilogy )
that is utterly ridiculous ! !
was through excellent use of their home field advantage .
as well as the huge clan of ewok with great familiarity of their home terrain ,
that would have been a great upset .
very bad aim then !
( other are just too plain ridiculous for me
it would have been disappointing
i think a subconscious or conscious expectation among most person is that the sequel must be worse
it might be better or worse
i have asked many college student and adult about which is their favorite star war movie
that a new hope was their favorite )
the return of the jedi was the best of the trilogy .
that will be the subject of derision like rotj suffered unfortunately .
the relationship between their character is alternately funny and touching .
herself in were so ridiculous ,
and the speech she made at the end ... beautiful .
too bad not many person have gut like that in real life .
my first opinion on this movie were of course bad.i was expecting a horrible
bad entertainment
ridiculous special effect movie.what i got was actually not that bad.the special effect were absolutely horrible ,
and the script was actually pretty good and decent.the acting was not that bad
and overall i had fun
watching this movie.it is still a pretty bad film ,
that should be avoided ,
but to me it was not as bad
some leave a message or touch you in a certain way ,
so why a bad review .
and it left me with a bad feeling .
we only get a few glimpse of the huge two-legged dinosaur descendant and some of the best `` kill ''
scene in a small budget film.my favorite scene
most pathetic is matt borlenghi and an obnoxious professional croc hunter costa mandylor .
get duped into being unwitting pawn of synanomess botch .
with a surprisingly impressive soundtrack and wonderful voice
acting by some of the best in the business ,
in contrast to today 's boring slasher flick
unfortunately
how was poor faith to know
that was the worst sequel to a classic disney film i
disney released what i hail as one of his greatest film of all time .
now take away the great song ,
add a poor plot
though he and myrna loy were the perfect screen couple ,
riding the favorite horse in a raise mysteriously
and the interference of the ex-mrs. b. jean arthur is quite glamorous in her role and very funny .
it is not nearly as beautiful as woo can deliver
my other favorite bit involved a neighborhood girl coming over
to show off some cheapo lawnmower man effect circa 1995 .
he is a bad guy ,
clumsy mess
and the whole film is pretty damn unintentionally funny .
unfortunately
that can be said for it.good badness ?
3/10 and 8/10
this was most boring and disappointing .
of being upstaged in the least especially not by this extremely unfunny jab at rpg-gamer .
the joke are beyond lame .
the great william katt
( greatest american hero
so hopefully just hopefully i will save someone such a bad experience.my grade :
the music is great ,
the movie still fails to impress the viewer .
was extremely poor .
the storyline was also too dumb and too stupid
but the execution was extremely poor
this is so very rare for a 'guy 's action flick '
and have recommended it to every guy i know
who avoids a/a as mindless violence .
there is a funny eak in the action
somewhat ridiculous one .
that this is not the best representation of what the show had to offer to fan .
that looks like the perfect place for a vacation .
that are awful ,
that are so awful
lot of violence and bad stuff
what is the result of bad movie with such raunchy content ?
that trio got to make fun of mst3k 's second joe don baker movie
this was a disappointment -
the original series combined both creepy story and subtlety of performance with great attention to lighting and setting .
and am still enthralled.just another poor adaptation along the line of the dreadful adaptation of `` cracker '' .
`` pushing daisy '' for sure is one of the best tv show of its genre in the last 5 year ,
has an amazing creative mind .
he is the mind behind other great tv show as `` dead like me ''
and the other one not as great as these one ,
mixing once again an amazing fantasy world with real kind of person disguised into colorful image and exaggerated feeling ,
than being an amazing chef :
the curse of this amazing gift does not stops
and that is how this beautiful modern fairytale starts.when i heard about `` pushing daisy '' for the first time
but this is just a way to guide person thru amazing story surrounding character as chuck and olive
in a wonderful world full of beautiful and dreamy image
you are merged into a bunch of amazing and charismatic gentle character ,
but the most superb time are always with the supporting actor as chi mcbride
she has the best dialog and her expression and body language
but if the best dialog are given by swoozie and her character ,
the best funny moment are given by kristin chenoweth .
she is so naturally fun
this show is a waste of time or claimed
tv has never been so daring in a tv show as with this amazing one .
`` pushing daisy '' was a huge step forward in term of great artistic entertainment
it is true that tv does not respect great tv show
and is far from being so amazing as the other one .
is an unbelievably bad film .
gleason does the best he can with the material ,
but the lousy script does not even give him a chance .
too bad .
which perfectly fits the strange movie
where her dad is without inging the self-contained world of the dead letter office to its knee ? nothing against this film but i was reminded of the god-awful heather graham film `` committed ''
while other character are peripheral at best .
leaving this viewer somewhat disappointed .
sadly
it was hackneyed and predictable but sometimes ,
`` my print was perfect .
the western society has been fed idea about indium being a poor country .
agreed there are poor and homeless in indium ,
in my opinion this movie has shown indium in a very bad light
the 1984 film beat street is unquestionably the best one .
fantastic dancing sequence and a timeless hip-hop sound track .
rock steady crew provide the best scene in the film
sadly
that is used poorly in this umpteen jaws rip-off.ok ,
is horrible
effect laughable ,
as the worst i have witnessed this year .
and surprisingly
but soon devolved into being silly and stupid .
the fx is some of the worst i
it is funny how we get little sub-genre in the movie world .
which gives the whole film a bad taste as far as i am concerned .
i do not like stupid comedy trying to teach me a lesson ,
one of the worst movie
the acting is horrible ,
and production value are poverty level at best .
that even a low budget movie can be great ,
and they are taken to an old boring house inhabited by three crazy person
after what seems like an eternity of boring
she reacts badly to this suggestion
or some equally ridiculous palm-reading mumbo-jumbo.another great scene
and doing something stupid .
possibly the very best of the first series .
and fail badly
it got worse from there .
but it features some of the best hand-to-hand fight sequence in hong kong film history .
mang lo plays yet another bad ass .
and this is one of the very best .
his beautiful but empty girlfriend
who loved the old television show of the same name
undeniably awful
daniel is okay as the earthling but lloyd is simply terrible as the alien
the worst movie ever made
far lamer than even the inept `` plan 9 from outer space .
there is none of that here.probably the worst of the three segment is the last one
this film has no redeeming value .
they had a bad thing going ,
it is amazing that so many person
what a great movie !
dark and right on target.everyone else in the film gives excellent performance and the movie 's slow and deliberate pacing greatly enhance the proceedings .
the music is perfect
and the acting is amazing .
the camera works beautifully also .
that the trailer for `` whipped '' was somewhat funny and the plot about three oversexed new yorker twenty something
comes out rather pathetic .
was there any redeeming quality about the three man and their encounter
what redeeming quality does she see in them to stick with them longer than one date ?
to become something more than simply the annoying punching bag in this act .
they were still waiting for something genuinely funny to happen
what laughs we made were from the stupidity of the plot than at anything amusing .
even the outtake during the credit were not very funny .
because i loved the original so much .
is trying to perfect the art of crappy straight-to-dvd sequel .
but the music was absolutely awful
what happened to the great music disney used to have in their film .
they have made so many great movie over the year
and this seems to be because person need positive- message film
fair-haired girl so beautiful
obese person whose function is to point out
holds the secret.perhap these hole are function of the editing
that thing may have been left on the cutting room floor.the film remains solid three-star-fare
this falls under my top 10 favorite movie .
funny
they do not try teaching anything.is it funny ?
but the plot is surprisingly decent
unfortunately the rest of the visual effect are just rubbish rather than enjoyably rubbish ,
and the movie turns out to be just as dull as its predecessor .
time and change is what his work is fundamentally about .
and has some wonderful thing to say about the natural world ,
who play in the great outdoor alone
i have been watching another favorite
steven seagal ... .how could you be a part of such an awful film ?
being in an awful movie such as this one .
very poor taste !
my husband and i have enjoyed watching many of your movie
i screamed out loud two or three time during the show.film-making-wise my favorite aspect were the sound and photography .
the sound was particularly great
and the setting was really creepy beautiful .
very suspenseful and a great movie to rent with a bunch of friend
the best scene is when she dies .
too bad neither the animal or eddie murphy had anything
this movie is just bland.children 's movie ?
it is just 90 minute of some eye-wrenchingly poor animal lip animation to quips
that are not funny .
and blame them for doing bad stuff .
thing chain along with some stale joke to a dull uninspired conclusion with no surprises.rent the '67 movie .
this film surely is the best amicus production i
they make a perfect wholesome .
we are also marking peter duffel 's solid and very professional debut as a director .
for what is arguably the best story :
besides great
is slightly weaker then the other
but that the overload of subtle humor more or less compensate that .
highly recommended .
this latter one is a very irritating and lousy underground 80 's slasher
white fire was recommended to me by a guy
it is one of the funniest and coolest low budget actioner ever made .
i generally do not watch movie knowing that they are going to be bad ,
( much of it surprisingly
giving the best performance he could muster .
the rest of the cast is also fun to watch
when ginty is being swarmed by a pack of bad guy ,
if mind-numbingly stupid - action classic .
a genuinely insightful and quite satisfying presentation.spoiler of sort follows.poor cedric ;
poor audience ;
we were at first caught up in what seemed a really beautiful and romantic story
i loved the camera action in this film .
without the annoying english translation
because the sound quality was rather poor .
it is that enjoyable .
ghoulish fun .
he will earn more than the teacher is a perfect example of what goes on in our school .
all we see are guns blazing.a terrible picture doing nothing
what horrible role model are these rap singer and their foul music .
you just watch for fun .
both good and bad
the bad guy wins - now how 's that for a surprise twist at the end ? this was filmed in 1993 and unreleased until '95 ,
and although it is disappointing
and adds nothing new but more bad joke ,
and an even worse and more nonsensical ending ... *1/2 out of ****
this movie has beautiful scenery .
unfortunately it has no plot .
it spent two hour painting a beautifule scene
but fails to pay attention to the fundamental of story telling.if
to me it was mgm movie-making at its best .
( great ziegfeld ) ,
but do not blame luise .
before it starts to get annoying ?
but gwenneth plays her very dull .
the surprise nominee of this year 's best animated feature race at the oscar .
the product is one of the most beautiful and unique film in recent memory .
what makes this film great is its use of color ,
bruno coulais provides a fantastic score
which i consider the very best of the year .
the great yokai war is miike 's attempt at a family film and damn fine job
the best kid movie are the one
but in the case of the great yokai war miike probably takes thing a little too far .
.following an incredible introduction for main baddie kato
( a surprisingly attractive chiaki kuriyami ) ,
while not displaying the best cgi in the world
is uniformly excellent ,
they just make their character seem perfectly natural
even agi lumbered with a ridiculous beehive comes across as sultry and deadly thank
to surprisingly excellent acting from kuriyami.while the film does have many element
smouldering anakin was bad wait til
the great yokai war is easily on of miike 's stronger recent film .
while it lacks some of the perverse charm of say
the best thing i can say
the next best thing are the supporting performance by the actor playing foppish groom-to-be edward
the actor helping to critique messing 's potential outfit in an early scene ings a delightful absurd-yet-winning quality to the proceedings .
is far more believable expressing contempt for messing than in any scene
messing
that could have helped messing
his performance is weak-kneed
and less obnoxious
this game is amazing .
it was amazing
it is fun entertaining and challenging .
nintendo is the best !
i had enjoyed all three film ,
what i enjoyed is how the microscopic family event unfold under the macroscopic worldwide event
i rarely see in japanese film ,
made all the more difficult with resource channeled toward the war effort.the actress casted here are pitch perfect in their delivery and role ,
with yoji yamada coaxing some really natural performance from the kid.kabei - our mother boasts some stunningly beautiful art direction ,
or relying on cheap melodrama to cheapen the emotion
which makes it pitch perfect ,
with every scene not being wasted ,
and with every nuance very meaningful in conveying its message across
kabei our mother comes highly recommended ,
baseketball is a waste of film in all most every single way .
i have seen plenty of bad movie
really bad movie
his recent spoof film are lazy mess
`` airplane '' was a revolutionary and very funny comedy ,
these man are the funniest and smartest comedian in mainstream entertainmant today .
as they are funny .
it is a stupid mess with no sense of dignity or class .
have never been great actor .
it is like they are trying to make fun of the worst of these type of picture and
parker and stone are merely tool to a bad director .
baseketball has some funny concept and i think
is a mess .
because this is a mess .
they absolutely loved it .
how sad it is to be loved for our money ,
many of which will have a greater comic or emotional impact on adult .
a 9/10 from me .
i loved `` the curse of frankenstein '' so much
to my great disappointmant
the monster is half the fun of the whole thing ! !
i found the script extremely weak
but this movie got fairly ridiculous ,
for their imagination are far worse
is just not scary.on top of a weak script ,
as i was.the movie gets a 4/10 from me strictly for peter cushing 's powerful
and see a truly great hammer horror film .
whom she blamed for making her childhood so miserable .
who unfortunately
( there is a great scene
there is an excellent scene toward the end of the film
) .the performance in the film are uniformly excellent
but 'victorium ' is still an engaging drama and fascinating history lesson .
this is a terrible movie ,
terrible script
bad direction and nonsensical ending .
bad performance
-- you do it to unload enough bad movie karma
you did not just waste an hour
and a half of your life.ashley judd is really quite amazing in this movie .
slice-of-life movie are the best ,
and this is a great one .
i rented this mess of a movie.i
i was also surprised at how mediocre this movie was .
it is a great story of australian history
this is very rare
6/10 see it for historical value ... .
great directing and good acting by all part
( a beautiful woman ! )
to see how a young beautiful girl struggles with the tradition of their parent ,
with great music from blondie
that is the most stupid clich\u00e9 one i can think of ,
`` gi jane '' is a great movie .
awful movie .
what a poor image of professional police officer is displayed on the television in the watching of this alleged reality show .
having really enjoyed gregory 's girl many year ago .
apart from that the film was just a waste of time .
the script was poor and john gordon sinclair trying too hard to recreate his schoolboy image
why anyone would want to lust after him in this performance is incredible .
dreadful .
please do not waste your time
and is one of the best .
so i would recommand this to person 17 or older.9/10
8/10 .
i really enjoyed this movie .
but left me with a great feeling afterward .
were poor .
he was not that bad in this film .
he is pretty good - no better or worse than any of his more experienced co-stars.as mentioned above ,
the direction is poor
there are plenty of worse film out there though ,
and i would not blame them one bit !
amazing that this film was even released !
it was really funny
enjoyable soundtrack
i give it 10/10 .
this was probably the worst movie ever
i have give this a 1/10
but actually turned into a really bad comedy .
nothing redeeming about it .
( and terrible script )
for anyone interested in his best movie ,
`` the great escape ''
me and a group of friend rent horrible video to laugh at them ,
is one of the better horror-but-funny movie
it is pathetic .
the other good aspect is that this movie is so bad at time
i do not like watching horrible acting or renting these horrible video ,
that fun
and still come out so bad is hilarious and worth renting.unless
what a waste of time !
it is a downright boring movie ,
the acting is terrible
the writing dull
what a waste of money .
too bad -
the funny thing is ,
surprisingly enough does movie does have some redeeming quality in it
for the other part this movie is being a really bad and lame one
insultingly bad written script
they never can seem to get sufficient fund
in that regard these movie always seem like a wasted opportunity.the low budget
it makes the movie laughable to watch with its effect
is just insulting to the intelligence and then i am
that it is being insulting to its viewers.i
that the movie gets more solid and steady toward its end ,
still it remains predictable all
there are far worser one to watch out there ,
this movie will win over any new souls.4/10
she is preparing for her senior prom with her stupid annoying friend .
( she does not seem that great )
usually i can have fun with even the bad one .
one of my favorite
and then ... this is a slasher film with terrible death scene .
some of my favorite slasher
and a closeup on a bad actor 's face
then we had donna 's annoying friend claire
were annoying ,
that predictable plot turn
a terrible soundtrack and a big lack of respect to the original material ,
it creates some of the most awesomely unforgettable feeling and emotion
the perfectly articulate response they provoke from each other .
that their evanescent relationship might be the greatest compliment in the world .
they are just a waste of celluloid
the cast member do the best
they can with the lousy material .
awful writing ,
poorly lit
badly scored .
cheap and very dated effect .
i never expected this to be some forgotten gem ,
it would be this bad .
if it is the worst film ever made ,
and let your curiosity get the best of you.my rating :
( he is the # 1 pick for 1988 's best actor in danny peary 's `` alternate oscar . '' )
this movie is funny and painful at the same time .
that their `` monster '' were so stupid-looking .
that this is endowed with some kind of beautiful meaning ,
the best way
the great vincent price and a solid cast
my husband and i were intrigued by the spectacle - a strong willed southern lady with a messy personal life solf crime for the lapd .
unfortunately
the story of her personal life in the second season became so tedious and unworthy of the strong character
my husband and i pick out the bad guy with almost perfect accuracy .
that do not betray the character and insult our intelligence .
i want so badly
unfortunately ,
about how stupidly terrible this imposter of a familiar cartoon really is !
i prefer `` misadventure of flapjack '' to this terrible excuse for a cartoon !
that one character is a cheap rip off of mandark from dexter 's lab !
mister fellow need to be sued for statutory infringement for this piece of crap ! !
they should try and make the plot less predictable and less like re-run of 'full house ' .
this movie is awful .
that was unintentionally funny in a long time .
but the movie by itself is the dumbest movie i
it is pathetic ,
the acting is horrible ,
all in the name of allah or god or some other ridiculous justification ,
and detained for prosecution provided a funny and illuminating glimpse into the custom of this country and
it is funny .
and the superb josie walker -
the beginning of this movie is excellent with tremendous sound and some nice humor ,
once in a while it eaks out and looks great ,
just not memorable enough or able to compete with the great animated film of the last dozen year .
and we expected it to be a great feel good type movie .
generally i like something light and fun ,
the best and most unpredictable story are all true one .
and it still remains one of my favorite comedy .
one of the best line in the movie is about the difference between a b**** and a h** ;
one of the best performance comes from larry scott ,
just how bad it was.it start badly
and by the end is truly bad.the acting is woeful.the script could of been written on the spot.and
it has no scary scenes.crap 1/10
this is absolutely the dumbest movie i have ever seen .
what a waste of a splendid cast .
this is one of the 10 worst movie i
alvin rakoff reveal himself as a dreadful director
that even a first grade film student would wisely avoid .
the badly edited first shot of aaham and balthasar in the opening scene
and she does not seem to be a bad actress for a teenager ,
but her performance totally lacks passion of any kind .
patrick ryecart as romeo is even worse ,
being not only as dull as juliet ,
the best screen version is still franco zeffirelli 's .
this bbc one is not nearly as bad as abomination like george cukor 's flamboyant geriatric version
4/10 .
she had about 3 amazingly good chance
and most of these lame ass knock-off are just as bad or worse -
what put me out of the movie was the tough 'hero ' with the gun and a grudge saving the day ... i would call this movie mediocre
at best ,
mainly involving obnoxious young person
then my rating would have differed greatly .
unfortunately
it is just a low-budget `` hostel '' rip-off with the redeeming use of gratuitous sex ,
and the performance are weak .
and the ultimate prize - their very lives.i loved this film .
it is not one of schwarzenegger 's best performance ,
an excellent movie .
superb acting by mary alice
every scene was put together perfectly.this movie had a wonderful cast and crew .
how can you have a bad movie with robert downey jr. in it ,
to ighten up any movie with his amazing talent.this movie
was perfect !
it is really good and funny movie ,
this movie is so wasteful of talent ,
swoozie kurtz is excellent in a supporting role ,
but so what ? equally annoying is this new imdb rule of requiring ten line for every review .
that it is a waste of time and tape .
avoid this movie .
rko was turning out classic noir by the dozen .
few film of the late-40 's are further from that noir cycle or more attuned to the coming consumer decade than this sassy little comedy.jim blanding
the blanding may not be a typical american family ,
and what more suggestive job for the coming consumerism than blanding as an `` ad-man '' tasked with finding catchier way to sell more `` ham '' .
if the blanding just stick to their dream carries them through .
it was so bad
but it got screwed up a million different time by really poor writing .
towards the end is an embarrassingly bad scene
bad ... really bad .
i would avoid this one at all cost .
why this movie is rated so poorly .
this woman is that tremendously beautiful
avoid it like the plague ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
! a steaming great pile of fetid dingo kidneys does not begin to describe
how bad this movie is !
there is only one funny scene
styled film song.the cinematography speak of the excellent skill of josef werching
that accentuate the monumental and cinema scope effect of the film in its entirety.gone are the day of great cinema ,
who could possibly have wished for a sequel to bert i. gordon 's legendary bad trash-film `` food of the god '' ?
and also the cheap and cheesy gore effect perfectly illustrates the 80 's .
awfully written dialog and plot situation
due to some incredibly stupid animal right activist
there is an obnoxious dean
food of the god 2 '' is terribly bad
and therefore a lot of fun to watch !
unimaginably stupid stuff
\u0096 the music is surprisingly atmospheric .
the modest 70 's cult film `` willard '' and its lame sequel `` ben ''
the 2003 `` willard '' remake starring crispin glover and the surprisingly good recent rat-movie by once-famous director tibor ticak
and david tomlinson has great fun as mr. brown .
though paul is very funny and cute .
the song were actually not as bad
`` beautiful briny sea '' is the best ,
the special effect were wonderful ,
the underwater sequence was beautiful ,
8/10 bethany cox
i enjoyed it so much !
a truly beautiful film set in the scottish highland :
the photography is superb -
responsible for raising funding
but unfortunately the movie is sorely lacking in comedy .
and it that endeavor it fails .
by making rock serious and bland .
if the supporting cast were meant to be funny ,
which were dry and dull .
rock 's first incarnation 's couple of underling were also bland .
they made rock seem funnier by comparison .
peter bogdonavich has made a handful of truly great film ,
and they all laughed is one of his best .
you will be disappointed- however
well detailed cgi building and vehicles.the bad :
horrible mixture of actor with all cgi actor mixes fifth element with final fantasy .
the cgi actor look even worse than video game from a few year ago .
awful script .
the dialog was almost laughable at some point .
dull character .
she is uninteresting and boring to watch .
they are weak and ill-conceived .
he is a bad guy .
because it is boring .
i loved.matt damon play jason bourne
i loved this movie from start to finish
but in all sense it was much better.best stunt
this was the best .
both actor do the best they can with what
that is funny ,
the critical bashing of the movie in mainstream medium publication as `` offensive '' and `` raunchy '' only serves to underscore its intensity as a refreshing and concentrated dissection of person 's sexual pursuit and passion .
by how perfectly he captured the real pace of today 's conversation .
( superbly played by judah domke )
might enjoy watching the incredible acting range of this actor .
it is mr. fishburne 's usual contribution to incredibly subtle relationship .
like all great singing star ,
durbin was much more than just a `` beautiful voice . ''
funny and entertaining family comedy with a wonderfully
this one 's played by another spanish horror great
the beautiful helga line .
there is one particularly funny scene
to remove his heart.the best part of the film
thank largely to poor editing .
not a great horror film ,
the rape/abuse scene are surprisingly restrained
to cash in on `` death wish '' is laughable .
but it was certainly a fun ride .
it might not be the best movie of 2006
this is a terrible film ,
predictable and the story line is obvious and typical hollywood wish fulfillment.william holden
this movie is probably one of the worst movie i have ever
that anyone would distribute this horrible film .
as i am going to try and forget the time i just wasted with this piece of crap .
unless your idea of a great prank is to repeatedly hit someone 's dinner with a baseball bat - on balance
not a great prank ;
it ends in tear for most of them.prank is a badly made slasher movie .
this makes the dvd even more pointless
a slasher movie shorn of violence is a waste of time .
that mary could pull this role off at the age of 30 is simply amazing and somewhat due to her diminutive stature
pickford 's close up are wonderful.danish-born jean hersholt is simply wonderful as the villain .
although the story is somewhat predictable and slow in the beginning ,
recommended .
best way to try influence the society as a whole .
( that unfortunately did ,
that blames his misfortune and shortcoming on `` the life of other ''
that would work great in comparing this 2 distinct and world apart feature on the very same subject ) .here
you will probably appreciate the actor for well portraying the opposite of what they should have been.i am very disappointed with richard gere especially after the recent `` hunting party ''
simply because at best would confuse them even more then the `` common '' belief of `` money+fame+fashion ''
subliminal message .
if derivative and predictable rape-revenge thriller are your thing ,
then you are in for a rare treat ...
gillian anderson and danny dyer do ok work with a weak script and a tedious scenario .
both have been involved in some great independent british film in recent year .
is this really the best
what are independent british filmmaker going to make of your artistic judgement ?
do not bother trying to watch this terrible mini series .
boring
but it was a huge dissapointment.the setting and mask are great ,
all other thing are really annoying .
looking stupid .
the other actor are also not very good.but the worst point of all ,
it is absolutely ridiculous !
this is just one example for the stupid story ,
but it fails at making them laugh ... les visiteur has had its success ,
funny thank to the ancient word
to avoid ...
and fails.let 's have a look at the character :
he is just a little more boring .
to avoid getting stuck in the bourgeoise role .
why the bowery is a martin scorsese favorite ) .
but only because a subterfuge with a dummy fails at the last moment .
and enjoyed his hefty royalty check ,
loved the freedom of pre-code hollywood ,
the film incorporated the best element of the original
comforted by the oh-so-sympathetic arlington .
maureen o'sullivan was never more beautiful ,
the worst movie i have seen in my entire life ,
and i have seen some really bad movie .
that the cover would be the best part of the movie .
the filming of the movie was scattered and boring .
the whole movie is boring
with annoying
with the exception of `` it is a wonderful life ''
one of the best christmas movie ever made .
and will place it among your favorite to watch during the holiday season .
the greatest scientific mind of the 20th century had never been the central figure in a movie* .
the great man is heard clarifying a point on a radio quiz show ,
and in bullshot where the great albert is one of a dozen leading physicist and scientist
only three year ago russell crowe and christopher plummer did a beautiful mind .
) the other surprise was the actor playing the great albert .
that he lacks the mental equipment
and is solidly enjoyable into the bargain. \u201c the verger \u201d tell of a church sexton
the soundtrack is awful ... ) ,
to calm the hysterically bad pregnant girl .
it is just awful .
plan 9 from outerspace awful .
good god please would somebody turn it off before i soil myself awful .
( and i use that word with great pause )
including the bad robot )
it is not laughable ;
and the best part !
what is amazing about this is :
( check out biography 's fantastic review of her life and career )
you will have to rent this mess .
this is almost as bad as the attempted remake of the show a few year ago .
it could have been a wonderful tour-de-force for peter seller ,
that it was seller final movie makes it all the more painful.the terrible screenplay
all come dreadfully together
to make this one of the most unwatchably awful movie
there is and nabor does his umpteenth gomer pyle impression as faithful mechanic/best friend lug .
now they are funny .
this was the most blatant and worst attempt to demonise a hobby
it is message seemed to be :
very bad acting
as beautiful as in the exotic house of wax
karisma kapoor is excellent as an indian woman in canada
( sanjay kapoor ) ,
who helps kapoor in her escape from the clutch of the warlord
who finally choses to stand up against him in one of the film 's best scene ;
but shakti is karisma kapoor 's film
karisma 's performance completely sells the film and solidifies its otherwise inconsistent measure .
but the focus on a dysfunctional royal family \u0096 here
also the supporting cast is wasted
and at two hour the movie is just plain dull .
( bad )
sordid incident could have been avoided ?
by seeing it.there is a cheap trick
that rarely succeeds and in this case manages only to splatter embarrassment on a fine actor and ridicule upon the producer .
blames it on his daughter 's cooking ,
while may was not the best mother ,
( one of my favorite ) ,
this would have to be at least a little funny .
and every opportunity for a genuinely funny gag went ignored .
the dialogue was bland ,
i avoided all contact with him after the show .
why we were supposed to care about these two lame
and i feel bad for everyone
who 's expecting the first real funny mormon movie .
spare yourself the disappointment i
and i enjoyed it .
and also in a subtle way of most conservative official ,
who would be an awful chauvinist and bully by today 's standard
a cast of great actor
duvall was once a great actor in excellent film ,
even though his best performance was not `` tender mercy '' ,
but `` the great santini '' .
this movie was truly a big waste of time .
the best dialogue is ad-libs about the low quality of movie ,
who appreciate peckinpah and his great work ,
this movie is a disappointment .
even a great cast can not redeem the time
the viewer wastes with this minimal effort.the proper response to the movie is the contempt that the director san peckinpah
watch the great peckinpah film .
skip this mess .
mcshane is not really that good as the bad guy tree .
unfortunately
unfortunately
mediocre or plain awful ,
fares much worse
who could tell a tale of two person with incredible ease .
from being an absolute witch with no redeeming value
-- it lacks any humor and feel genuinely psychopathic --
filming this in slow music and a visual montage of lovemaking and beautiful scenery does not enhance or add upon this `` transformation '' from what would have been a story of survival between to unlikeable character to a love story
it is the worst elvis movie i have seen.it has very little plot
burgess meredith and thomas gomez are wasted .
elvis was wasted as well ,
if the first one was not bad enough this one is just so bad
not funny joke from the first one and somehow put it into this film
that different person have different idea of what is funny or not ,
though if you do want a more clever and funnier movie go see the movie spaceball .
to make it funny either .
is populated by a few poor and starving rag-tag survivor .
has a great quest
as the unremarkable macho action team member drop off with mechanically paced predictable timing ,
dinner rush is highly recommended .
this movie is one of my all time favorite .
running out of time 2 is a perfect example .
i loved dedee pfeiffer
she did a great job in this .
bad actor
( poor melissa gilbert )
pay for this was my big mistake of millennium.too bad.next time
with footlight parade one of the funniest and quickest of the early thirty musical .
it is great !
who might have been more beautiful but
unfortunately
it turned out to be a pointless film with only a couple of laugh mixed in with two hour of sheer boredom .
like how the mural depicting stereotypical flamenco dancer in the background of the drag queen scene is some kind of commentary on the lack of identity
the whole movie is chock full of clever little visual trick and reference like this.great ,
it is still a bad movie .
to actually care about all the subtle trick .
there is one funny scene
but it fails miserably .
is weak
with three great female lead
funny ) .
and quite enjoyable
the atmosphere of this movie is really wonderful .
acting in this movie is absolutely incredible .
perfectly portraying the wittiness of his character and the difficult situation
but thank to wonderful directing and acting
excellent film
highly recommended for all viewer .
repeated attempt at profundity stumble over themselves to end up in monosyllabic commant
including some fantastic drumming both in new orlean and senegal .
there is also a good deal of n'dour 's own compositions.sadly ,
that is another weakness .
and perform the best piece in the film . )
that `` present condition '' are a consequence of all the ightest and best
the senegalese appear to be a poor but happy
beautiful and emotional by turn .
fails to deliver a long list of expensive car to the powerful criminal raymond calitri
to make matter even worse for the film ,
the dialogue fails to define the character with a gritty cultural tone .
perfectly cast performer responsible .
but lacks depth and strong character introduction .
the story wastes time during much of this segment ,
and a sex scene provides a solid mid-plot
contributes a great deal to the inspirational action scene .
after her husband 's funeral
the plot and character are ridiculous
though he does show his anti-social tendency by randomly putting an arrow in some poor b*****d
but it was not really much more stupid than zombie .
fatty drives the bus is simply the funniest
is a very original and enjoyable story ,
that you do not need a huge budget or decent actor to make a great film ,
all you need are some original idea and some passion for what your doing.simply the best movie ever .
this was such a waste of time .
terrible
vacuous dialog ; paper-thin plot line ; wooden performance ; lucy lawless was pathetically hackneyed.seriously flawed story
the two worst concept in film and t.v .
the greatest of all time .
i would of like to hear all of hey jude.also paul is not dead.the single greatest concert dvd ever .
this was not at all a bad thing .
while not great ,
while `` ferris bueller '' was funny
( as far as stupid comedy like this ever are ) ,
it tries very hard to be funny .
while not awful ,
is amaturish at best.in addition ,
it is just not that funny .
it was a very cautionary and mature little film.with `` zaiskie point '' antonioni throws away all the ambiguity and subtlety of `` blow up ''
the result is a film awash with bad metaphor
stupid idea and heavy handed storytelling .
antonioni then gives us a ridiculous sex scene
and tame.thematically the film is pretty stupid .
3/10 - a very bad film .
`` zainskie point '' comes across as a very pretentious and stupid film .
the message is that you can not effect change ,
`` red desert '' and `` badland '' show human
and find the change in the film annoying - there is no appearance of the little boy in the novel and the ending has been changed .
mr. bentley is a far more sympathetic character in the novel
but pointless - kipps is haunted by the woman
this is one of my favorite comedy ever .
the movie is simply a lot of fun .
a waitress and petty thief.dudley moore is perfect as arthur
and her on screen chemistry with moore is great .
these two have had a great mutual affection during hobson 's longtime employment .
it is the butler you will remember best long after the closing credit roll .
is the host of a cheap horror show .
i really enjoyed this movie ,
it is really fun to watch get elvira into all these adventure ,
she is just great .
and the joke are cheap
mistress of the dark 8/10
and doing some stupid thing in schotland )
but i still find that quite amazing .
because this is not actually a bad movie .
it is perhaps not the greatest movie ever ,
and overall i enjoyed the movie .
i give it a 7/10 .
the story was predictable .
too bad i can not get my $ 20 or 2 hour back .
that are to blame.i normally have a very high tolerance for movie ,
no matter how dull or pointless i find them
pathetic person
that actually contain character of great emotional depth and personality .
and instead choosing to be a dull
awful ,
it is just boring and nothing worth caring about .
kyoko is a beautiful japanese woman
as an immigration attorney i have seen such `` arrangement '' take on a life of their own ,
unpretentious and genuinely beautiful film of scotland ever made .
because the film was so bad !
joan river ' career never tanked as badly as it deserved
after making this awful
unfunny crap .
unfunny is not a severe enough term :
this film is anti-funny !
of it being `` so-bad-it is-good . ''
not even the gang at mst3k could have made this worth watching !
it was so cheap
it was so cheap
was because the film was a p*ss poor effort
film used to employ actor and technician and scriptwriter and so on - not any more - just gather your friend and lame-o idea together for the weekend
for some poor sap
listed on the wonderful imdb board ,
and downright get down to the funny stuff .
dorothy malone won a best supporting actress academy award for her splendidly over-the-top performance as stack 's sister ,
he is rude and obnoxious ,
he is funny
it all makes for a predictable film conclusion ,
and he pulls a great performance out of denzel washington .
but i recommended it to those viewer
looking for a great
and the acting is mediocre at best ,
but the story and writing is just plain awful .
and thoroughly enjoyed it .
and i loved the way
and co doing the 'bunny hug ' is good enough reason to rent this film on dvd.one of the best film from that period i have seen in a long time .
but the acting in this film is horrible .
to compensate for the poor performance of the actor themselves .
while to two leading actor time and time again miraculously survive incredible amount of point-blank automatic weapon fire
the enemy soldier are definitely some of the worst shot i
was excellent .
the cast was fantastic..i do not understand
i loved it.. i have seen other movie of his
and they were also funny
were by comparison up to the funniest standard also .
i can not see it enough..leslie ann warren also was another favorite of mine
that she was not really funny
but loved her acting .
she was very funny..and her and mel
did a great job together .
who produced this wonderful film ,
that this movie did not have a solid ten
and let 's not forget the amazing romance between jack and rose .
titanic is a great film down
excellent cinematography
beautiful music
but be warned its bad.being a big fan of mega star actor christopher lee i was fooled .
who made good fun movie like the re-animater and dolls.i heard christopher lee was tricked into making this film.he was told his co star were going to be jose ferrer
is also in the movie minus her lollipop.if you are a glutton for punishment then watch end of the world i dare you to say awake during the whole movie.1/10 .
and felt woefully disappointed
the facial expression are amazing !
my favorite effect was what they did with headlight beam
but it is not terrible .
and was really intrigued by this fascinating true-life tale ,
it should have been.the bad - i am a fan of robert duvall and many of the character
but his role here is a dull one
and that is too bad .
he should have been fascinating ,
too.not everything was disappointing .
`` los sin nome '' is a mess plot-wise ,
the best part of the movie is the ending ,
offers a pathetic danish take on us culture .
that as a 'family ' picture this grotesque -filled with clich\u00e9's- excuse for a movie fails miserably to convince non-scandinavian audience .
rarely do you walk out of a movie theater in such awe and amazement .
that the thrill of discovering something truly special and unique rarely happens .
about an amazing triumph
and trying to have us fully convinced of what a great story
touching the void was also a great doc about mountain climbing
that this is one of the best documentary i have ever seen .
kinnear was as charismatic and as funny
the life of the lonely old man was boring
yet another insult and slap in the face to gay man everywhere .
this lame attempt at a comedy has nothing to recommand it .
and we are also presented with the 'sympathetic
has been thrown away on a bad script ,
and truly awful direction .
because the first film is usually best ,
that would be great .
the movie was not all that bad ,
i find it tedious for a number of reasons.the music :
although it is probably supposed to be evocative of a `` great gatsby '' setting ,
city bad .
weak plot
stupid death
pointless nudity ... this is not entertainment ...
this is hell.hell.do not waste your money
or life on this pit of evil.it is just ... god damn is this movie awful !
why would you waste your life on this crap ?
that were great already ,
and made it even worse .
( who was superb in hairspray )
and look scared.more annoying is how the death scene are handled
slasher movie are a lot of fun but in prom night
avoid this one
opening with a dream sequence employing the not-so-subtle metaphor of faizio wrestling with his menacing hound
and there is no doubting the film 's greatest asset is the creepy
the film is at best interesting
this really is a great movie .
by fred and ginger is among their best ever .
he has a winning personality and a great smile .
randy is in my top ten all time favorites list .
it is great to see him as something other than a cowboy .
so he is not really a great actor
this was one of the great candidate of a film to re-make
this movie was great the first time i saw it ,
we enjoyed in translation ,
that verge on annoying .
that spew pointless advice on topic they have no clue about .
the most annoying part of the movie for me was how supposedly they were in a hurry
the dialogue makes the character cheesy and unsympathetic with the exception
the actor ' portrayal of their character weak
that bad .
it doesn\u00b4t mean this movie is the worst i
because i have watched worse thing than this
they are really cheesy and bad .
sure it is not going to be worse than that .
of this website.this movie is a piece of cr*p. worst
the kid are terrible .
so bad be the main actor of a movie ?
you have been so ainwashed by globo 's stupidity
you have a serious ain damage.avoid at all cost !
we are treated to seeing al prance around and act cute and funny for the camera .
her performance is dreadful
they are excellent and i enjoyed each and every character creation .
collusion course is even worse than the typical `` evil white male corporate capitalist '' movie of the week .
this movie is so bad leno 's character
is less annoying than morita 's character
but each of those element was wasted .
the least and the result was a very boring
pointless
waste of a film .
this movie was dreadful .
but was very disappointed .
a particular disappointment was jody foster 's character .
he always plays - enjoyable but nothing new .
excellent comedian and actor
which he was so bad
then there is doug mcleod the best wrestling announcer ever
or when a wrestler is in trouble `` hes in a bad bad way '' .
awa the baddest
jumpin jim brunzell was such a great dropkick artist
stupid and unfunny remark .
real life polynesian are much funnier than these stereotyped
with weak as water story line you can not say anything about the acting -
what a waste of kiwi taxpayer ' money
to make a great film about a viant community .
if they are as bad and mindless as this .
the movie 's just plain funny once
one of the most eye-opening cast member is demond wilson - best remembered as lamont on `` sanford and son '' - as a bus driver
but probably the funniest scene is the changing of the president ;
quite funny .
silk stocking turned out to be a big disappointment .
made the whole experience a lot more enjoyable .
and acting are excellent .
showing the movie in black and white gave it a much better appearance and complemented the music perfectly
it is a very funny movie with a few crazy character
and it also has a couple of great voice-over by dave foley
the most amazing thing about this movie is the animation .
it is just wonderful .
great color
beautiful background ... and the guy
this is the best animation by disney since aladdin .
hoffman is one of the 4 or 5 best actor in the history of film at playing off the person
it has a very beautiful message ,
'do not waste your time ,
if you like 40s noirish film ,
and how it is all going to come out in the end not more than a quarter of the way through.the 'whistler ' series is semi-noir ,
but this film is not noir .
so what if gary cooper played mr. mcelwee 's great grandfather ?
and save the day and her loved one .
unfortunately yes .
the actor did their best considering the movie
it is just too bad
they all were stuck with this.2/10
with nonmoving limbs is made the worse for scale miniature underwater shot
the vacationer are easily annoying
.the hero is not half bad ,
but get it cheaply !
it was so annoying .
the comedy portion of this film was just as boring
as the tragedy and definitely never funny or even entertaining .
that his writing was just as bad as his direction .
as one of the worst 10 movie i have ever seen .
perhaps not the absolute greatest entry in the hammer house of horror series ,
this short movie also benefices from a solidly written screenplay and a handful of genuinely suspenseful moment .
her beloved cat is killed an even her birthday party gets ruined
the answer to these question are provided in the original and fairly unpredictable climax
giving this a 8/10 for now ,
the original trancer is not by any mean a great movie .
and could be surprisingly witty .
unfortunately
what makes it annoying is that
in a rather poor example of soviet revisionism
making her either very shallow or very poorly written.the only reason
as in prison.the film is splendidly acted by some of the best romanian actor .
and his beloved paula
the ridiculous story is disclosed through awful screenplay
on exactly why i liked this movie other than seeing `` bad '' turn `` good '' and `` good '' turn `` semi-bad '' .
whether it is good or bad
great ending .
7/10 .
this film is awful .
the cgi is the very cheap gray blob cgi .
the worst is that no effort at all is given to making it walk or look like it is alive .
this is one of the worst example of cgi effect
and i have seen lot of the very bad sci-fi channel movies.aside from the terrible lack of special effect ,
perhaps the most ridiculous scene in this movie is when one of the bad guy is attempting to sexually assault kate
that santa claus was a much worse movie .
what a horrible comedy .
totally lame .
the supposed `` humor '' was simple and stupid .
( a great actor )
do not waste your time with this one .
and what an incredible ride it was !
when you compare both series it is still beautifully executed .
that it is a bad movie
when you can not forget the awful movie from '66 then is this a magnificent movie .
the editing is ridiculous ,
the cinematography was random at best ,
everything was just so pointless and lame and pointless ...
and random ... .and lame.here is a spoiler for you ;
this movie is the dumbest thing
and the kora of tunde jegede is just amazing ,
it is really a art-house gem .
you will find this movie amazing .
i give it a 8/10
that is lucas and the incredible imagination
the rougish han solo and the spirited luke skywalker as well as that best loved of villain
that thing were going from bad to worse .
without ruining the end too much vadar 's final scene is the most poignant and wonderful in the trilogy.so in conclusion
wonderful special effect and catchy music make both a great movie in its own right and an ending
this movie is very funny .
comedy is great .
if you are looking for a laughable piece of film ,
the best example of this is definitely the officer
and the `` zombie '' did their best snake impression
which is on par with their fantastic acting overall
how did this not win an oscar for best make-up )
the direction is however one-uped by the worst script i
of course the main star in this one are great ,
but the supporting actor are also superb .
i loved dewaere in series noir .
this was a boring
pointless exercise
annoying .
series noir was a valid expression of personal liberty and licentious behavior .
we get an idea of the bewilderingly beautiful anti-hero
i have trouble eking even a `` 3 '' for this annoying distraction .
not only for the worst of disney 's princess movie ,
but for the worst movie the company made during walt 's lifetime .
what fails in this movie are the character
unfortunately
cinderella is a very bland character .
if cinderella is dull ,
weakening her already tenuous appeal.perhap realizing
how dull the main character were ,
very funny .
great cast .
and those comparison to today 's cost are pretty amazing .
as the film progresses.power is an excellent film
great viewing for art cinema lover .
8/10 .
i enjoyed the first reviewer 's comment far more than i did the film
even when he is at his most pathetic..but this is absolutely the worst show on television.please cancel this show .
paul muni plays a poor chinese farmer
and they are doing pretty bad .
the beatle.it is so much fun watching these young act
why its so rare !
this film is so bad ,
really bad !
i applaud him.unfortunately
cassavete took what could have been a fascinating topic
and somehow managed to craft a dull film ,
he seems to have had a gift for capturing the dullest moment of a person 's life on film ,
she played it like a very obnoxious
she fails to sustain a seamless mentally disturbed character .
seeming to find his own psyche and his own life experience so endlessly fascinating
the acting is bland and average ,
and in place it is just downright boring.however ,
one missed call is not offensively bad .
of which only 3 have been on so far is awful .
after the show i rang bbc complaint to pass on my disappointment .
the other performance are solid though
this is one of the worst movie i
it is extremely boring with lot of boring dialog
and has some very annoying character and a laughable
the plot is preposterous and totally stupid
the acting is terrible ! ! .
richard cardella is terrible
and was quite laughable plus his character is annoying .
and was not funny at all ! .
mark siegel is extremely annoying
and was also not funny ! .
richard garrison is annoying
overall avoid this piece of garbage at all cost !
( `` my beautiful laundrette
you enjoyed watching
wrenching and superbly-acted portrait of an older woman
in a wonderfully epiphanous moment ,
it is subtle
this is a tremendously gutsy performance by a remarkable actress.i enjoyed michell 's use of natural sound ,
it perfectly illustrated the cacophony around may and toots
it is unflinching in its candor and ultimately unforgettable .
a great addition to anyone 's collection.12 monkeys is a movie
it has excellent actor to go with a excellent story .
meets in a mental hospital.the director did an amazing job on inging us a disturbing picture of a future
when human are driven into underground facilities.this movie was excellent
that he pimps out her beautiful
and who 's to blame ?
`` baby face '' qualify as one of the five best pre-code movie .
were not always subtle
surprisingly
they also honoured brenda fricker 's beautifully restrained
is basically a solid and plausible premise and with a decent and talented cast ,
was dreadful
which unfortunately
it could have been very funny since
both actress are quite funny in their own way
robert de niro is also great as the pirate captain
i highly recommended stardust .
this film is so bad i can not believe
everything is bad in this film .
( some dialog are simply just ridiculous ) ,
waste of money .
whilst i have loved haunted house movie such as amityville and poltergeist ,
great acting
and fantastic setting
and the scene in the inn was perhaps the most horrible thing
she was behind me in my sleep.the woman in black is a great tv movie and a lost gem .
why person were disappointed
after spending the best of \u00a350 on it ,
the net has defeated hidden gem
it is still illiant and fantastically acted
and i consider it the greatest ghost story of the last century .
that have a terrible thing to happen in someone 's life
i really enjoyed watching this movie ,
this would really have made a great finish to the story
story had a unique and interesting arrangement .
the absence of violence and porno sex was refreshing .
very enjoyable movie .
and no reference about this very boring sf movie can be found in the peter nichols science fiction encyclopidie
that seems ridiculous effect in fact
fully expecting it to produce something far better than this trumpery.acting - 0/10 plot - lol/10 breasts - 9/10
this movie is one of the most awful movie
and what about the dreadful plot ?
and they loved it too .
this first american and mgm film for the actress looked quite beautiful .
it is obvious that the film was assigned some amazing talent to film the production
and artfulness you would expect from the best pictures
it simply looks beautiful
he want his old flame ?
and lives a very dull life .
he is a dull looking middle-aged man
-- while she is as beautiful as ever .
not surprisingly ,
was nearly perfect throughout except for the intertitle card
-- which could use some restoration.a most enjoyable film --
i have no real complaint in this excellent film .
and gave a message
wish more script had such excellent dialogue.i hope
mario 's first foray into the world of 3-dimension is incredible .
it was not supposed to be funny .
the acting was mediocre at best and at time hard to watch .
the ending of the movie is so illiantly bad
do not waste your time on this horrible movie ,
this has got to be the worst movie ,
terrible acting
that was unimaginative and pathetic
completely awful .
it did contain every clich\u00e9 in the book from the slow walk down the empty dusty road to the laughable `` let 's remember
do not waste your time .
the best way
since this is the next best thing to it ,
i strongly recommended to all with a mixture of adult wide-eyed enchantment and appreciation and a child 's mischievous wish
this stuffy melodrama is quite easily the worst film
what the other reviewer is talking about- this was a wonderful movie ,
claire is juvenile and a tad annoying ,
all are beautiful
and i loved it for different reason ,
and was from my reading the best capture
one of my all-time favorite .
the lost empire '' is a shining gem in the rubble of film
this was seen as a waste by his peer ,
and has paid for the best of everything .
the journey is filled with many great obstacle to overcome
and is great fun to watch .
to keep the interest of the older audience.the animator have done a wonderful job in then depth of the animation .
this is not a bad thing .
this film is a favorite of mine over other disney film
this is great and all ,
one of the worst movie ever made .
but not the bad kind of bad movie .
it is fun to watch and laugh .
it was meant to be this bad ,
makes for an evening of fun .
a bad ass pimpin ' hustler
beautiful woman in distress
this movie was so badly written ,
the worst problem is the acting .
peter gallagher and jenny levine are just awful as the slave owning
this could be a great movie
and it would be fun
-- this film is just plain empty and boring !
do not waste your time on this .
somewhere in between the line of dull and annoying .
the story is just like the original with a couple of tweak and like most movie
never tweak with the original story !
neighbor quin was a bad idea .
he is a stupid villain
sure there are a funny adult joke
mildly funny .
this film is a cartoonish piece of snot with ight color and bad mediocre acting .
what is with that stupid fish !
bad joke
bad
bad
bad
watch the grinch instead of this mess .
it never got boring .
and i enjoyed the subtlety
nothing comes in between.sadly
! here is a message to all those ave sainik
-son please respect the father of the nation ! please obey and happiness shall be bestowed or else
are wonderful ,
because though it is not the best ,
though it may be a bad idea
it also show 's how person give the muslim a bad name
though there may be bad muslim out
it does not mean we are all bad
bad thing about muslim or afghanistan or iraq ,
person will see how we are poorly treated by watching this show
because prety much everything is made fun of who are we to say
you can not make fun of that is unfair ,
and really gives muslin person a bad name .
so stupid and ridiculous !
boring and not interesting .
too boring .
the real corporate world is much more subtle and interesting
that this movie had terrible acting .
do not waste your time on the deleted scene
at best
worse
but romance is amazing
the whole sham becomes an affront to the very notion of diversity and the ethnicity and cultures the movie shamefully fails to represent.for example
setting in the australian outback is perfect.incredible scenery.great soundtrack i.e paul kelly.god bless paul kelly.the cranberry are also here.i have seen this movie
and their representation on the screen are referred to as film noir often having the stereotype antihero in the lead
and data has some great scene
but all in all this one 's fun ...
funny final role .
really make the movie.the message of soylent green is pretty relevant these day ,
funny
and my first game was super mario 64.and i loved it ! the graphic were great for it is time
great course and above all
the best music i
and there are a bunch of other character like boo and goomba.the character are really great.next
and i agree completely.but with he great plot
there are great graphic.especially for it is time.i have a whole bunch of other nintendo game like 007 and their graphic do not compare to super mario.bright color
great effect and awesome sound effect.i found the graphic in the water course very very good.next to the bowser world one ,
it has the best graphic in the game.now ,
the music.this is my favorite part of the game.growing up ,
which was peaceful and wonderful.there are other
that are great too
and are my favorites.this game was my favorite past time as a developing gamer ,
and i love it.this game gets 10/10 or *****
this film was bad is an understatement ,
the acting was horrible.the creature looked very cheesy .
poorly written conspiracy drama/mystery about the possibility
amateur acting it unfortunately has to convey .
as chalk and cheese.this film is only recommended for violence junkies..there is no great cinema here .
at best it might be considered to be better than the usual run run shaw production for production value .
paul reuben is wasted in a pathetic ,
and his performance as the shoveler is pitch perfect .
the sphinx is an exceptionally funny character
showing a weak character
it failed at the box-office is that america does not get irony.all in all i loved the film ,
if more effort was put into tweaking the script rather than having unneccesary cgi landscape and effect .
this is the worst film
the performance are so terrible
the is it a dream or no plot is so terrible
avoid like a plague .
but unfortunately the sit-com never made it past the pilot stage due
almost magical way.7/10 great for all generation .
jason alexander is a wonderful actor ,
but it is ridiculous to cast him as a cuddly romantic lead .
this is my favorite
fox movie include great bonus material - here a great music video and `` the making of ''
after his boss makes fun of him
not the best ending i have seen
boring movie
that really had no redeeming quality
and even the `` sex '' scene were toned down.too boring ... ...
4/10
and lacks his usual impeccable clarity
to make matter worse ,
however the political stance of the director is murky at best ,
it would be great
we are 'introduced ' to them all in the beginning - a cheap way
when the saetooth appear with mediocre special effects.the story provides exciting and stirring entertainment
but it result to be quite boring .the giant animal
and seem totally lousy .middling performance
and it packs a ridiculous final deadly scene .
is badly directed by george miller and with no originality
best stephen king film alongside it ,
though this one is more fun than scary .
-a great cast with a alice krige and brian krause and a fun cameo from king himself ;
-great use of music
because it is too much fun and over the top ;
a horror film was as much fun as this one ?
a simply awful movie is what.as other viewer have justifiably commented ,
the storm sequence are just plain ridiculous .
for those read dull and contrived
dull and contrived and dull and overly contrived.i want to say thank god for mia sara 's shower scene but in retrospect i think
having seen the completed mess realised
than be on here.a high 4/10
that this movie is not just pointless ,
that it starred two of the uks best up-and-coming actor
( one of whom is now sadly deceased )
zombie 90 is one of the worst film
ever made - right up there with schnaas ' other horrible zombie entry - zombie doom
these film suck so bad
even when compared to schnaas ' other horrible film -
horrible camcorder-style camera-work
ridiculous dubbing ...
redeeming about this garbage - and i can usually find something redeeming in just about any film .
this truly is one of the worst film ever
you have been warned ... 1/10
the script by fragasso is an absolute mess ,
and is just as stupid as it gets .
awful character 's and really dull oken english dialogue
it is a really bad film
that is just boring ,
it has a bland lifeless feel
the direction is poor with no consistency
the like of which fulci regularly served up during the late 70 's and early 80 's will be very disappointed ,
and very little gore at all.technically the film is poor ,
the special effect are cheap looking ,
the cinematography is dull ,
the music is terrible ,
the location are bland
the acting still looks awful
but zombi 3 is an amateurish mess of a film ,
it is boring ,
it is not funny enough
and it lacks any decent gore .
one to avoid .
this movie is a mess .
it is poorly written .
it is poorly directed .
it is worse offense is that it has taken an interesting topic
and reduced it to a ridiculous and boring thriller
that has no thrill and no suspense and no inner or emotional logic.especially after the first half hour the movie dovetails into a series of ridiculous set piece
in fact the movie 's truly worst offense is that it is simply boring .
`` carman '' is another great movie of carlos saura 's trilogy
dedicated to the flamenco dance .
scary movie 2 was a grave disappointment .
the movie opens well enough with a funny white person rapping scene and an excellent use of jame wood ands andy richter .
the movie plummet from there unfortunately .
the acting is awful .
and is surprisingly slow paced .
comes screeching to a halt at 83 minute in a shockingly unfunny ending .
a very poorly done movie .
amazingly enough
i enjoyed the movie ,
the movie is great
that the screenplay is so great or the photography is perfect or something technical .
in the end you can have a positive lesson from this very bad story ,
that his play was great .
but he plays it so great
that a single movie could not be that bad .
the other joke are either poorly carried out or simply plain unfunny .
they all had a. funny gag
b. good dialog and most important of all c. unforgettable quote .
to call this movie bad would be a gross understatemant .
avoid this movie anyway you can !
' is my first feature-length film from french director jean renoir ,
and i quite enjoyed it .
that renoir 's latest release did little to enhance bergman 's popularity with english-speaking audience { however ,
is what the true french do best .
renoir was obviously trying for the madcap sort of humour
this movie was rather awful vipul shah 's last movie was good this one was just bad
and is handled in a great way aatish kapadia
well this just maybe the worst movie ever at least the worst movie i
and this just maybe the worst of them .
actor and filming is just terrible .
really nothing to tell about but that it is just horrible .
it is rare that you find a comedy with level ,
wonderful cartoon gangster
beautiful
beautiful
beautiful !
but unfortunately none of that can make up for the somewhat lame story and the wonderfully bad acting .
kind of fun in a `` so bad it is good '' way ,
but leans more toward just plain bad .
4/10 .
word can not simply describe how awful this film is .
that has to be one of the worst theme song of all time ! however ,
playing a laughable bad guy .
please avoid this mess at all cost .
it is not perfect
while perfect for the stage ,
unfortunately
george bernard shaw is my favorite playwright .
that is how this picture is to be enjoyed .
7/10 .
corny plot and in many case terrible acting .
fontaine is great ,
i still laugh today thinking about some of the utter stupidity .
best scene just might be where drew stabs her real-life mom
although this film did demand a solid attention span at time .
it was a great film for all age .
though on the screen he sometimes might seem a little more tedious than necessary .
or find it annoying .
it is a nice celeb comedy with some more and some less funny passage
that this is a low budget film with poor actor .
i also found many plot hole within the already badly written plot .
that would be an excellent time.why do
that way.i found it really stupid
i find it really amazing
camille keaton is gorgeous and i get to hear one of the funniest line i
i had the best time of my life
that i ran out of jism ... ... ... ..fun time .
that you all enjoyed the film .
and met some really great person .
the film is a disappointment
every character danced beautifully they were charming
newcomer but star with compelling unforgettable faces even the most invisible of the group .
great actor who could dance beautifully .
these are fascinating and a bit shocking image ,
i found this movie as another example of either lousy or lazy movie-making ,
movie maker concentrate on weirdly fascinating imagery and through in a few almost unrelated story
dysfunctional family goes home for the holiday and murder and mayhem result .
the film suffer from its uneven cast and from the cheapness of the production .
its a bad bad movie
great documentary about the life of ny firefighter during the worst terrorist attack of all time..
that i now have a greater respect for firefighter and i realize
of making great documentary 's
a great documentary ... ..
mostly known for directing john mckay wrote this wonderful screenplay about three forty-something friend in a small town in england .
( great supporting cast )
i very much enjoyed this film and highly recommand for those in the like of such film as `` love actually ''
and `` three wedding and a funeral '' .
definately one of bacon 's worst film .
the bad acting coupled with a formulatic ,
script make me yearn for time i wasted on viewing this on cable television back .
and there is a beautifully cheerful musical score
`` tarka the otter '' the death in this movie are almost all pointless and border on the sadistic in the way hope are built up
and that you or your kid may be left feeling very badly depending
i did not waste my money renting it but i downloaded it !
this happens to be the worst movie i
even for fun or time pass or even at an extreme bored situation
and want to see a classic bad movie ,
because it ranks right down with the worst .
it only gets worse !
yourself to see how bad it truly is .
`` back to the future '' is great .
and the actor ' performance is only rivalled in stupidity by the attempt
but these scene are about as cool as the stupid hardbody 's attempt
it is as bad
it was fantastic .
he has dumped the slick armani suit for a ridiculous look
that he is an excellent actor .
pierce and greg kinnear play off each other great ,
and hope davi are great
and you have a great film .
that we can expect great thing in the post-bond era of brosnan 's career .
the bad out takes from `` reign of fire '' strung together ,
and fails again.in the end the dragon quit in disgust.barf !
their incredible work on the tv series from the early to mid-70 was a highwater mark for television at the time ...
the script is good ... definitely neil simon 's best .
that neil simon is probably one of the worst
their living arrangement becomes much like a marriage as well
lot of fun and some great one-liner .
clara blandick
to see what giving birth in a typical city hospital in 1932 was like for our grandmother and great-grandmother .
i found the film fascinating and exceptionally moving.oddly enough ,
which was used to unforgettable effect in gone with the wind .
another great performance is from aline macmahon ,
did another superb acting job here as well
she is great in these precode ,
9/10 .
i personally found this movie to be terrible ,
the engagement of the dishwasher ?
that`s bad enough
this is the film 's greatest strength :
the scenery is beautiful
the movie is annoying .
although their forensic expertise and catch-me-if-can attitude is belied by stupid error
chris penn as the all-too-obvious suspect is wasted here ,
***spoiler ahead*** mediocre acting aside ,
the stupid error
( vomiting up a rare food on the murder scene
and disappointed by the murderer .
and was probably the most disappointing aspect of the movie .
but poorly executed and weak in nearly every way .
( i can not think of a blander title
that has to be the worst line of dialogue ever
one of the worst movie i have ever seen
and enjoyed it so much
that you have to understand a fundamental element of vonngut 's writing -
his whit and humor just can not be transcribed by a screenplay or even the best acting performance .
because it takes the fundamental element of a story
as one of the best i have seen ,
and preserves the story 's fundamental lesson
or disappointment .
to generate greater recognition from the cognoscenti .
because it is fun to play along
must hollywood continue to crank out one horrible update of a classic after another ?
the avenger - awful !
his manic portrayal of our beloved `` uncle martin '' is so unspeakably unenjoyable to be almost criminal .
if they had to remake `` my favorite martian '' ,
unfortunately
annabella/aumont.the latter is rather bland ,
except that the chanteuse 's tale is a tragic one.what is fascinating today is this popular little world ,
( wonderful arletty )
it is an insult
this is our french `` nobody 's perfect '' .
and baldwin only seems to know how to look stupid in his equally meager part .
her performance is nothing great
poor use of color and composition make it look cheaper
it is an amazing book .
she saw in them the beautiful operation
a bad farce .
the acting is poor ,
the southern accent are fake and insulting .
ms. o'connor 's intense prose are reduced to sight gag and cheap
truly terrible.as an aside ,
but the south is a beautiful place full of fascinating individual
( and loved )
for self-respecting southerner and openminded individual of all stripe - this movie is a waste of time .
and certainly his best work .
subtle
and an excellent
spoiled child and responds to the onslaught of ridiculous circumstance
boring
which had not been previously developed or nurtured by her similarly weak mother.the movie is in two part
but this is where the subtlety of fay grim ly .
parker posey is an excellent actress
who captures hal hartley 's tongue in cheek humor perfectly .
he meets.fay grim is an excellent movie
( and especially the subtlety in parker posey 's acting ) ,
this movie will be great as flashpoint
as far as sexual scene are concerned i was disappointed ,
sexual scene of dreamquest will be great as flashpoint sexual scene
but i was disappointed .
any sexual scene in this movie does not make me feel great
the great jenna jameson does not do those kind of sexual scene
makeup and other technical stuff of this movie are really great .
they all done a great job .
of how the once great film industry in western europe has declined in the past 40 year .
my boyfriend and i both enjoyed this film very much .
it has an unpredictable ending and story ,
which is very refreshing .
living together in a poor city district .
paulie is a wonderful film
it is a great movie for all age ,
you will not be disappointed !
when in fact it is every bit as ridiculous
african-american = strong ... any other race = weak .
the worst part is
who are incredible coward ;
are just stupid
while his weak white roommate sit in fear of him
this movie was just terrible
i enjoyed albert pyun 's `` nemesis '' for its cheesy action and semi-complicated script .
( not that the first one was anything great ) .
visual setting is great ,
it is not bad
but it surely is not great either and i do feel
if it had taken some what less explored angles.7/10 synchronous swimmer
to amount to something solid by marrying a millionaire -
she also discover true love ? jean harlow sizzle in this excellent little comedy .
she has rightfully earned her spot at the very top of the hollywood pantheon.an excellent cast gives harlow fine support :
elderly clara blandick as barrymore 's feisty secretary ;
unforgettable in a small role
would be fascinating -
the movie was a poor documentary .
it seemed to cheapen the idea
politic of science were barely touched.not a bad flick for a 10-14 year-old .
it was boring and unrevealing.4/10
unfortunately
watching one of the dumbest movie i
that is something person want so see *shudders*.another thing i found hilariously stupid was the opening scene
that was stupidly funny
that is not even worth watching.1/10
being an erratic mess
and often inexplicably between sympathetic and shrill
child molestation and dysfunctional family
jane fonda looks great
if her best work is behind her .
where predictable casting appears to telegraph the movie 's ending.there
lilly 's former flame and rachel 's new boss as town veterinarian dr. simon ward .
some of andrus ' dialogue is plain awful
neil simon display excellent insight into human nature and relationship as well
jack lemmon and walter matthau give great comedic performance .
this film is based on.one of the best written and acted hollywood comedy of all time ! surprisingly
`` best adapted screenplay '' and `` best film editing '' .
`` more boring than church . ''
it is so great ,
as i found it extremely boring .
it was all just stupid ... this is an insult to pacino and the first film .
it is `` edgy '' so let 's not waste any time lighting
that will not impress anyone outside of the `` rarefied '' indie crowd
that seems to still heap acclaim on every bad film .
and in general the plot is not so bad ...
and use of cg all cheapen and spoil the film.first off
the sequence just seem bland for something made in 2004.the cg feature very nicely rendered and animated effect ,
but they come off looking cheap
the poor execution made me wish for anything else : blade
if you want note perfect music ,
that is why i gave the move 3/10 .
sadly
the script is so bad
that none of the actor or all of them combined can make up for the bad story.for example
and sadly.. they do not do anything funny
a lot of great actor in this movie : otto waalke
( especially funny ) :
helge schneider and many more but sadly all these comedian are not able to ing this really bad script to life .
was expecting something truly awful
the script were weak
and poorly acted .
it is amazing the series actually lasted as long as it did
then it is not bad at all .
the car chase and stunt are excellent
then go see this enjoyable romp with an open mind .
here in brazil is very rare to see a good brazilian film ,
combined with the cracker-jack direction from brook and superb editing in the early scene
about to be senselessly slaughtered beautifully intertwined with the plotting of the two hapless killer ) ,
it is also great to see in this day and age
is also anchored nicely by robert blake 's eerie performance as the more sympathetic yet senselessly utal side of the killing duo .
the flashback scene to his horrible childhood are extremely well done .
that is a perfect marriage of gritty acting
superb writing
the tacked-on political message about the death penalty is secondary to its compelling depiction of the mad killer and their prey .
like become a great football player !
you do not become a great football player by becoming christian and asking god ,
that was funny
but really this movie was not that great .
10/10
that i genuinely enjoyed was
this film is a great look into the music industry with a great cast of performer .
it was so bad i left
he meets a beautiful girl and falls in love
the plot itself is really dramatic but the movie lacks in dynamic .
not even enlivened to any great extent by the use of irish location .
if the great m.r .
but this is easily one of the worst adapted screenplay i have ever seen .
which is so strange and unpredictable
noir-esquire character
awful .
san francisco is a big city with great acting credit .
the plot is weak ,
but the acting is fun
and we get to see jame hong and other luminaries.the white boy intro was pointless .
this was not.the hunter 's point intro was the most disappointing .
have ever wasted my time watching .
this show could of had potential for a funny series
that in it self makes for a lousy show .
i give this show a 1/10 ,
before i give spike lee 's mess of a film summer of sam a well-deserved thrashing ,
because tarantino does not attempt to pass these film off as socially redeeming work of art .
unfortunately
the woman are split between weak ,
and promiscuous `` bad girl ''
the cast of summer of sam is excellent .
and michael badalucco
is badly miscast as serial killer david berkowitz ,
coming across as funny rather than frightening .
but this film was disappointing and at time disgusting .
where mother there isa spent her life working with the poorest of the poor .
in which to ethically integrate the world 's poorest country into global capital market
this film was nothing less than pathetic .
i actually enjoyed this film .
that disappointed me was there
unfortunately
the realism is boring .
the movie is pretty funny
( and badly )
and she is perfectly cast .
an incredible entertainer
the script is beautifully crafted
a surprisingly deep role ,
because it is not a great moment of film history ,
and it is not great art
the beautiful one ,
that it is not by any means a `` great '' comedy .
rather enjoyable
and the ending has a funny little twist
that is not totally unpredictable
`` rois et reine '' is a sprawling mess of a movie
although it is not particularly funny .
as if they function more as cipher for their creator 's many idea about person rather than as real person in their own right .
myra breckinridge is one of those rare film
though outrageously awful
as being `` about as funny as a child molester
poor mae west bore the unt of so much of the criticism
the octogenarian star obviously did not know just how ridiculous
can be charming in an obnoxiously funny way ;
he is just obnoxious .
no one will ever accuse welch of being a great actress ,
she renders her horribly unfunny dialogue with a deadpan smirk
because it is as confused and pointless
as the movie.and this is a rare movie
the story works wonderful ,
this movie was stupid
pointless ,
bad and indifferent ;
i know some see the deliberate pacing here as dull ,
not by any great acting
after viewing the inarticulate mess of a main character and all his pathetic trouble and mishap ,
you want to watch the flame slowly engulf your entire body .
or some unknown masochistic curiosity i can not even begin to attempt to explain.unfortunately ,
that i was going to be incredibly disappointed .
what many believe to be an amazing book ,
and turning it into a disney made-for-tv movie.a wrinkle in time should have been made into an amazing movie a long time ago .
what was so great about the book .
it would 've been much creepier to have a beautiful afternoon
in the same rhythm.i unfortunately did not watch the end .
maybe someone can tell me how disney messed up the end as well.overall an artistic disappointment .
and nothing is great fun !
the movie gets really enjoyable ...
this film is listed on imdb as the 42nd worst film ever made
while bad
i have personally seen at least 100 film worse than this one .
but it just did not meet the expected level of awfulness to be included on this infamous list.the film begin with stewart moss and marianne mcandrew on their belated honeymoon
very stupidly
( hallmark of a bad film )
that this must be the stupidest couple in film history ! !
but not among the worst film of all time either.note :
before our planned holiday in beautiful provence this year .
predictable
that fate has bestowed upon her ?
i still have to work out the director 's psychological motive for the sub plot in the role of the parole officer and some of the subtle nuance of camera work are worth a second look .
but if you go along for the thrilling ride with this example of french cinema at its best
very poor stuff indeed .
how he decided to drape the proceedings with an annoyingly perpetual mist ,
unfortunately
as ex-goblin claudio simonetti 's electronic score seems awfully inappropriate at time .
the plot hinges on chance happening and rely on stupidity from person
rain man would have been insulted .
it is a great cult movie .
and end up to anything but a mess.with all the money
cathy lee crosby looks great as coach randy rawling especially in her skimpy outfits
and not enough sleaze makes this a major disappointment .
and so is not annoying .
with a yeasty teenage daughter.fat does not mean stupid here .
his suspicion ripen into jealousy and he cooks up a scheme
casting was superb .
director daniel syrkin have done a superb job
this movie fails to offer anything new to a genre
where the british and their modern way are bad and the primitive
that fuels the second part of the movie the narrative is predictable ,
with great scenery and music .
it is a much more enjoyable movie !
this is too bad of a show under the right condition .
i tolerated the first season.unfortunately ,
are the most annoying .
on the show is funny at first .
and even tear-jerking moment in the middle of this mockery of a real show fails
denny crane is just annoying .
her voice is as beautiful as ever
8 simple rule is a funny show
this is probably a show for you.sarah silverman ings out-there-funny
and right-here-funny to the table with ease .
poor will would be rolling over in his grave
mst3k gave this sorry production the treatment
and i sadly realized
hunky-australian-boy-can not-fit-into-outsiders-dominated-school-ergo-goes-for -tough-guy-with-stupid-biker-helmet-look .
there is also a predictable air to each of the chat tracks .
picaresque interlude soon comes to a horrible end .
and pointless movie ever made !
is the best film of them all .
as for this waste of film stock
jim nabor is wasted ,
and many of the scene are more dull and lifeless than staring at a wall for two hour .
phantasm iii ... ..erm ... ..terrible.even
first bad sign come
also too many pointless character
funny initially
very disappointing .
the movie ought some of the worst acting ever.i like tony scott 's direction 'n all ,
1/10 !
so the predictable result occur ,
the best part of this cartoon is about two-third of the way
unwittingly placing their own loved one at the mercy of a psychopathic killer.rushed into production
sadly
is a disappointing follow-up
but too plodding and aimless for general consumption.malden and franciscus are eminently watchable in sympathetic role
highlight include an unforgettable encounter with the black-gloved assassin in a crowded railway station
reviewer point it out as a weakness in an otherwise well crafted subterranean game of ping-pong between our two protagonist ,
mr. club owner is a pulpy mess in his own bathroom .
due to some bad-luck
there really are no clear-cut `` good '' and `` bad '' guy ,
but it is a very solid film
that is absolutely worth checking out ... 9/10
then why is this movie so bland ?
it was awful.her question :
the acting itself was not even that bad ,
see through cheap method of boasting your way into potential metaphorical illiance ,
but - shockingly - this film is worse !
der todesking is pointless in the same way as nekromantik ,
but it is a worse film
because it is boring in a way
that means we have a pointless and boring episode for monday
a pointless and boring episode for tuesday
a pointless and boring episode for wednesday etc etc .
this film manages to be even more boring than my average week !
but there is a great big void
der todesking is a dull film with no point
i loved the texas chainsaw ,
just backs up my point.poor robert englund ,
i give him credit for at least doing a good job with the awful material
and really just awful scenery
do not waste your time.overall
1/10 .
cctv footage and particular scene of import distinctive and overall presenting the story perfectly .
as this happens to be one of most favorite novel ,
i was not disappointed !
that stephen king film mostly get a bad review ,
enjoyed this comedy-drama ,
and it looks wonderful .
1st watched 11/7/2002 - 2/10
pretty lame gangster movie about a godfather-like family in brooklyn
the rest of the movie was predictable
and cheaply-made .
because of the bad contrast and some of the actor were hard to hear at time
because of the bad sound .
the acting was pretty-much characature of all your favorite gangster from better movie with corny name like vinnie `knuckle ' and jimmie `tattoos ' ,
beautiful soundtrack
superb lighting
the two main character were animated so poorly
that entail less realism than this.any frame in the movie is fantastic.. as a frame ,
and the thing is great if
so glad i have not actually recommended this to anyone .
not all together a bad film .
very interesting and great cinematography .
and provides us with a fascinating glimpse into a life
as one can get.it is just not what it claims to be on the cover and in the plot summary.4/10
mediocre direction and wooden acting from the bulk of the cast .
their clothe are perfectly maintained and look fresh from the rack ,
perfectly well shot and technically presented
'what is the worst movie
sure there are lot of famously bad movie ,
this movie is so bad
which is my favorite genre of them all ,
the golden voyage of sinbad
who loved me
but the fun starts at midnight ) ,
pretty pointless character
but hes still my favorite.the movie takes a page out of alien 's book
who decides it would be best
or steal this great movie
and just plain slasher fun .
1989 's cutting class is a spin-off from this slasher gem ,
that movie starts the career of brad pitt and roddy mcdowell.favorite scene :
when their wayward little boat is commandeered by a vicious murderer.the boy are wonderful in this feature ,
his performance is amazing
if it could get any worse ...
the storyline is so predictable
the set are pathetic
original idea in the whole movie.i found this movie to be so bad
it is pretty boring aside from a scene with roger ebert in it .
overall this movie was disappointing .
the director has some wonderful use of title in his establishing shot .
i really enjoyed them .
i really enjoyed this movie
zentropa is one of the best movie ever made )
except for the stabs at weak comedy
and man with some bad background .
do not waste your time ,
excrement is what the poor and disenfranchised have been eating all of their life ,
i sure loved it though.warren beatty star as the crime-fighting 1930 's detective dick tracy
it becomes even worse
and the worst part is :
it was entertaining and fun to watch especially as a child .
and is a fun movie for a family
the two are thrown into one of the most fun and intriguing storyline in any animated film .
the animation quality is excellent !
are somewhat fun
and bad filler at that .
the assortment of weapon chosen is pretty funny .
which has got to be one of the worst pistol design ever ,
that is just too stupid .
if new school ... the lame-o standard issue 92fs are totally unbelievable ,
like the aforementioned mini-uzi pistol and a tec-9 with the infamous non-functional barrel extender
they obviously chose the incredible
was laughable .
detail of the 747 were pretty stupid .
in contention for worst movie ever ,
unfolded in a beautifully photographed and paced film .
made me want to read more about this fascinating character ,
and there in lies its main weakness.the story takes place in the future .
in which the great superpower
lot of cheap stop motion animation ensues.well ,
the great nation settleling territorial dispute with giant robot ?
unfortunately what could have been a fun movie
being an embarrassment for an otherwise great director.i as a kid loved this movie ,
to have some fun with it .
and i am like well this movie is a sci-fi by one of my favorite director stuart gordon ? ''
cause i loved this film as a kid ,
but unfortunately this being a small scale movie
gordon a great director ,
like the best british comedy of the time.the whole idea of the suit is not very original ,
and recommended to any fan of guiness or britsh comedy.7.6/10
they have very bad aim .
did this movie make the u.s. military look pathetic or what ?
it was hard to understand a lot of the dialog due to the poor sound quality .
and acting in this australian movie is reminiscent of the very best of `` old '' hollywood .
-- it is one of the best showcase yet of his prodigious acting talent
and he is at his sexy and gorgeous best
but wonderful and authentic australian locale .
lovely scenery and great acting serve as an excellent way
fun way
the acting is also wonderful
they reveal their innermost weakness with unprotected
and had loved every minute of it .
even the greatest actor can not overcome trite
her jealousy of her sister 's `` perfect life
her pregnancy and her too-perfect boyfriend
and in much greater depth .
this movie has every clich\u00e9 in the `` really meaningful message '' movie book ,
being served up by great actor and filmmaker
and find out what truly great acting is .
the two still did excellent job .
unfortunately
the wonderful new element
but complex and interesting.this film is bound to be enjoyed by anyone except for person
and made a bigger-budget film instead of the cheap quickie both lugosi and karloff unfortunately gravitated in later year .
that was great fun !
we rarely see movie with black urban character
that impact them for better or worse .
great movie .
is a great move ever and the best care bear movie i ever seeing.i like all the care bear movie and i can not wait to see `` care bear :
what a complete waste of time .
but with even worse acting .
melissa joan hart is absolutely horrible .
the ending is ridiculous
and just a plain bad ending .
it is not `` fun '' as some person put it .
and found this wonderful film about two beautiful human
you deep down loved
jesse and celine have great conversation ,
and deep eye contact with a great magnetic explosion between the two of them .
great jolly music and a script crackling with wit and charm
liza minelli is great as linda morolla a queens waitress
is little more than a fist-pumping mess
in this mediocre follow-up
as it is ridiculous .
but never this ridiculous before.i gave rambo :
it is so bad it is ridiculous ,
and so ridiculous
that it is often funny .
is in trying to make a stupid political statemant with what
( though exceedingly predictable )
which never happen ann putnam saves her from the flame .
as he is dying from a rare blood disease
pretty poor !
and its implication on two stupid information technology workers.the film is marred by its much too evident voice
`` antwone fisher '' is a solid feel-good flick about the reconciliation of past regret and closure .
the mess ends with a sexual scene
it is boring and empty ;
still no one will give a damn.the director seems to have a great eye for 30s art deco
which would have enormously helped this surprisingly thinned-plotted film .
paltrow as polly or peggy or punky or whatever is totally wasted in this movie
both of which she wastes subsequently in the movie
one quite funny ,
the fight are awfully bad done ,
who have a plan in mind.the film 's a waste of time .
it is too bad
because you have all the element for a great b-movie .
i guess.not recommended.xxx
unfortunately
but is far worse .
it is just a bill of poor good .
at the end.disappointed !
was he stupid or what ?
what a disappointment ... admittedly the best of the prequel ,
but the story is weak ,
poorly realised
utterly disappointing .
that made it great .
great acting and a very funny cast make this one of the best cult comedy film .
being that paris is my second favorite city in europe and i spent a very romantic 18 month there in the '80 's .
i was somewhat disappointed
and i would have liked to have seen such a wonderful actor
but are unfortunately never developed .
and the whole movie turns out to be pointless
mgm this mediocre 'b ' mystery was one of only five film
bad acting and weary gags.van heflin and virginia grey play nick and nora char
which apparently scarred him badly psychologically
the director chose to insult our intelligence with this piece of garbage ,
it is too bad that his christian upinging traumatized him ,
and unfortunately pretty different from the novel .
these two great actor humiliate themselves all the way
( not that this is bad on its own ) sketch
because this movie is so cheap !
fortunately tim robbin and john cusack have not disappointed me ever since .
i would recommend you to avoid this film ,
only on a very rare occasion does an episode of the x-file fail to generate any excitement
which is just totally boring to watch.a detective and his former partner both die in unexplained circumstances.the death are linked to the presence of a little girl
this was slightly lazy writing by the writer and this episode ranks as one of the worst in x-file history !
it was on of the worst film i have ever had the misfortune to watch .
there are the funny and entertaining bad film
and then there are the awful bad film .
the actor were as bad
as soap actor but not as bad as porn actor ,
the only redeeming feature was the look of the masked killer
the plot was extremely poor ,
and the ending even worse .
mostly funny
and parker posey definitely blazes her talented way through this indie gem.i especially liked the diaz character
without being boring and bland about it.babaganoosh !
( usually a bad sign ,
-- bad script
bad acting ,
terrible directing !
do not waste your time or money on this turkey .
there is awful music blaring throughout .
that this would be a funny show ,
that is oadcast all over the world.unfortunately ,
that sound kind of funny the first time you hear them
but after that seem lame -
the acting is - well - mediocre
that always fails.if you are muslim i think
you would have to be stupid to believe any of the white character ,
not that making fun of white person is a problem -
when it is not funny -
as in this show.canada is bursting with funny person - so many
not miss the best of many moment of unintentional humor
and looks affectionately into 'his ' eye ... . *snicker*.mediocre film ;
* - it apparently did so badly
that it is almost an effect animator 's best-of show .
and the plot 's a little dull ,
and i love the message .
william dear and the guy put together a great movie.most sport film revolve around true story or event ,
but this film hits a 10 on the perfectness scale ,
and there.10/10
adrienne barbeau have i only only encountered before in the much more enjoyable `` cannibal woman in the avocado jungle of death '' .camera
and editing adds to the general impression of lame .
if it will not be quite the same but i am never disappointed in it .
then the whole section in the station is amazing with so much going on you have to keep up .
but full of wonderful character performance -
this is available cheap
it is a perfect saturday/sunday morning or any day lazy afternoon lightweight piece of entertainment .
a fun concept
but poorly executed .
the movie has far worse problem than that
and most of all the acting is pretty awful all around .
the only scary thing is that lucinda jenney and kari wuhrer are both even worse.the only reason
the movie develops a fun
and the gangster 's crazy scheme for tormenting the totally obnoxious gypsy are somewhat fun to watch .
if predictable
avoid
even the funky 60 's soundtrack remained stuck in my head for a long time .
the unknown man belongs to the noir cycle less by style or structure than by its acknowledgement of the pervasive corruption of american municipal politic
the worst thing about this is the fact
it is not enough to offset the film 's overwhelming dullness and amateurishness .
and cast ; a lovely fun film
subtle .
one of his friend comes out of nowhere to sabotage it.in one of my favorite episode ,
it was pretty funny .
they actually had you favoring satan.very very excellent show .
it was one of my favorite horror show of all time .
movie-buff go and see this movie ... i did ! it-is-excellent :
is among the most controversial and ave film ever made and a very excellent one too .
and wake up inside the wall of the big and beautiful french mansion
the film opens greatly ,
and the film fantastically has all the necessary age group inside it from the little innocent child waiting
man 's stupidity and unwillingness to interpret image must not be an argument for a film
which is a beautiful thing and expression of love
borowczyk has managed to paint his image so beautiful and `` sensitive ''
that his message is almost impossible to be misunderstood ,
the book is well written and fantastic as well as this film ,
and naturally both have been blamed for their `` too explicit '' content and other equally noteworthy shallow comments.borowczyk 's film is also very beautiful visually alongside its raw honety ,
and the nature and forest have rarely looked so ight and shining
evil and horrible beast in our world
never fully seems to overcome the power of our bad instinct and the other side of the sheep ,
the fulfilment of some of our instinct is not a bad thing ,
and which bad ,
unforgettable and clever piece of magical cinema with ageless theme
but it will provide an excellent case study.from its onset this film acts as a sort of `` old school '' for pacific island new zealander ,
the story is weak
the best line
the melancholy prince is a great departure from the typical swashbuckler .
but fails to hide his love for the fairy-tale princess-to-be .
enjoyed the story
9/10peace
to be somewhat insulting .
her function in the film as the love interest of rio affirm
aztec rex is at worst a little racist ,
ignorant at best.and yes ,
all meant to be in fun
it was a little too self indulgent.best
the battle sequence were so poorly executed .
i am terribly disappointed from the man
it was so predictable .
my favorite part of the movie was
were more fun and less intense than this movie .
after watching it for a few nights.what is great about this movie
it is too bad the later film of the series swayed from this one ,
unfortunately the ship set course
unfortunately bake is unaware
and over because television in general is so bad
so it might be wonderful now
the few mildly funny bit go on way
it could have been funny.but the scene
they managed to turn an essentially boring scene into a very racist
very unfunny
he lives with his beautiful girlfriend
who cleans up the mess
brilliant.anyway
the movie is not perfect theology
while far from perfect
a and new restored print was made up of the best source material
i loved this movie .
i have rarely seen a `` popular '' film
this movie understood a principle rarely acknowledged any more .
but it is a much more clever and subtle piece .
i loved this movie ! )
i just loved the scene
this is one of the most hilariously bad movie i have ever had the privilege
who seems to have perfected 'smell the fart ' acting ,
as advocated by joey in friend.there is plenty of gore and an awful lot of shooting ,
how bad the creature effect are )
we all had a great deal of fun betting
on who was going to get their head bitten off next.as a jusassic park / alien style action adventure this movie stinks worse than a dinosaur 's crotch ,
word can hardly express my disappointment .
and nothing about his great writing
we get a very badly
that gives `` christian film '' a bad name .
that balanchine has somehow desecrated tchaikovsky 's great score is misplaced .
where i can see why cher won the academy award for best actress ,
it won the oscar for best writing ,
and it was nominated for best director for norman jewison
( in the heat of the night ) and best picture
it was nominated the baftas for best score for dick hyman and best original screenplay ,
and it was nominated the golden globes for best motion picture - comedy/musical and best screenplay .
was fun .
he is fun
and even though there is a great deal of money at stake
it is fun .
who posted message
like millionaire does not have similar time waster .
the idea here is to have fun and enjoy yourself .
mr. shatner 's wonderful fun-filled personality ... well
that this movie caught the best of a working man
if not great ,
the whole idea suddenly gets a bit ridiculous .
in the eyeow give him a baleful look at times.despite the poor werewolf costume ,
a rather bad dummy does the job.rich has a friend named siodmak
so nothing comes of it.quite cheap
and a not-terrible story combining
and starring two of the most ultimately badass b-movie hero christopher walken and michael ironside
i loved it .
containing all the main stupidity and insensible moment of `` mcbain '' .
a whole lot of explosion and gunfight and \u0096 last but not least \u0096 a fantastic soundtrack
unfortunately what we end up with is poorly drawn character
whose sole purpose seems to be to look beautiful at the beginning
avoid this time devourer .
how bad can it get .
this was seriously bad .
which was mainly laughable cgi -
atmosphere and direction.the story was dreadful - the character arc of the main lead was a total joke .
suggestible and weak ?
and by the very end you will be laughing out loud at the utterly predictable ,
and totally absurd twist his character takes.the gory moment were clearly just a weak
these part were unintentionally funny -
( until the stupid monster at the end ) is ruined in favour of 'look at me'style self-conscious directing .
the acting was not great ,
exploring the darker side of a set of character can be fascinating ,
i really loved this film
cage was excellent
as usual and the rest of the cast were also pretty good with the exception of the brit bad guy ,
great film
great car and great acting .
they would show kung fu movie of all kind on saturdays.i saw lot of kung fu movie on weekends.i remember lot of them.i saw great flick like crippled master
five deadly venoms.then the movie began.i bit into my burger amused with the pre-credit sequence.i loved this movie the minute
it came on.my favorite character
it was the fighting.the fight were so ... amazing.i moaned every time
came on and soon the 2 hour of the best movie i have ever seen ended .
the worst junior-high talent show skit
utterly horrible .
movie as such are easily destroyed by bad
having to do with a lot of biblical crap and a couple lousy
but it dragged on a great deal so ... eh .
and john kerr are wasted in this hokey story .
the invisible ray is great fun ,
the film lacks pace ,
this movie is terrible .
i watch crappy movie for fun .
scarecreow is not fun .
scarecrow is stupid .
that enjoys screaming awful pun
( actually worse than the one
to make matter worse ,
i could have somewhat forgiven the bad acting
the horrible special effect
and the bad camera work ,
or if you enjoy watching bad movie ,
the hotel and the foreboding cellar - large echo of `` psycho '' here - are great setting .
`` the unseen '' is a solid little horror flick worthy of discovery.8/10
i enjoyed this film very much .
weak girl in the korean soap-opaera .
there was no such crap in this movie.very funny and well-done .
surprisingly well done for an independent film
wonderfully well written
fascinating and slightly disturbing ,
it comes very highly recommended .
the animation is bad ,
the music is obnoxious and repetitive
but still annoying ) .
avoid at all cost .
magician is a wonderful ride from start to finish
alan arkin is fantastic in one of his best role in decade .
one of the best musical ever .
but what makes this film so wonderful is the incredible non-stop patter and the natural acting of cagney and blondell .
even though she may not have been a great actress ) .
that is worse
`` our man flint '' are worse than almost any jame bond movie ) .
it has no redeeming quality
zilch.the acting was bad .
the writing was bad .
the plot was bad .
the music was bad .
the editing was bad .
subtle dolly shot and stylized shot composition show good use of this film 's $ 350,000 budget .
it is always fun .
it is fun .
the killing in this movie is not that bad ,
it is even worse than that .
horrible.it is beyond understanding
add to that the group pressure from my co-watchers.the manuscript is awful ,
the directing even worse and the acting is plain despicable.i hope
you do not see this as a spoiling your fun ,
do not waste your time
this has some excellent spot
kathryn grayson is bland but kelly and sinatra work well together .
'i begged her ' is also fun with sinatra showing
sinatra 's solo song are dull
) navy which leads to his wonderful dance with an animated jerry mouse .
some unsuspecting film carry a message
a beautifully crafted 2002 film from spain
and is rarely with his family .
that keeps her beloved father from her side .
and contains some extraordinarily beautiful
this is a visually stunning work with a lasting message
soldier is a very poor film indeed .
the end.unless the academy start a new category for `` best explosion '' ,
it remains an enjoyable experience .
if you do not like miniguns.7/10
that disappointed me the most about the movie
my favorite subplot was the sheehan family
hagen present two fundamentally different approach
olivier 's tendency to e-nun-ci-ate makes some of hamlet 's line unintentionally funny :
avoid it . ''
especially coming from funimation .
other then the bad dub
it is not bad.the first hour is a lot like the comic
fujiko 's using lupin 's weakness to woman
the last bit is not that bad ,
( i know i was after hearing so many bad thing about this movie ) .
it is not a bad film .
which is rare in today 's film .
it began with great visual
a nice little neo noir story
though not bad
i was given a lot of information in a short period of time but through great editing and voice-over work
great job !
this movie is the best horror movie ,
the perfect son is a story about two 30-something other
who is seemingly `` perfect '' and the other
it was very funny ,
the whole mini-me `make fun of my size ' joke gets old very quickly .
fat bastard is just a lame excuse for gross-out humour .
is one ultimate disappointment .
this jame bond game is the best bond game i have played in my life
it is my favorite jame bond game so far
the mission in this game are really fun
that makes it more fun to play the mission have lot of action the weapon
and are really fun to play .
and causes some mean fun to the whos in whoville .
and even makes fun of little cindy lou
this is an incomprehensible horribly low budget piece of awfulness.i do not even have the vocabulary
boring
it really is awful.and not in a its so bad
it is good cult way.it is just awful
awful
awful
awful.honestly .
even gerbil on acid could not hope to understand this.avoid or even better destroy ...
she is horrible in this film
and she plays her to perfection .
her one liner are great
great scene ,
it is all so bad
this film is beyond stupidity .
i loved honey
the set were so amazing
and the cast seemed like they enjoyed each other 's company .
i blew up the kid was pretty stupid ,
that everyone loved.basically
i shrunk the kid is the best ,
the third one was not so bad ,
it was at least a little more fun.4/10
the boy give everyone at the royal albert an excellent
you will not be disappointed
or the harrowing flame-thrower scene in sunny gets blue
its all but extinct and with cheap crap
they pump out for a cheap thrill ,
this must be one of the worst movie i
the graphic are ridiculous ,
and the script pathetic and the biggest question is how this rather low ow script got trough the selection process.i like all sort of movie from deep dramas to the more male oriented kill everything you see type of movie ,
but compared to this its effect are great .
the acting superb and the script should be awarded .
when a movie is bad in a funny way ,
unfortunately i diverge in opinion not agreeing
that miss detmer as the lead is too beautiful
morgan freeman is superbly human ,
the film 's message is based in the open heart ,
in order to invade colombia and gun down thousand of people.mcbain is a monumentally stupid film ,
to the heroic but entirely pointless death of one of the hero
it stars two spellbinding character in what is unfortunately a mediocre documantary .
even on the criterion re-release is poor and difficult to follow .
but read on or you will never know the horrible fate
has leaked from the hazardous waste disposal system into the building 's basement .
when three varying degree of the new mixture are administered to three different rat and the rest poured down the faulty `` waste hazard '' sink ,
this is probably the worst film i have seen this year .
which are some of the worst i
the character are clich\u00e9d moron and act in stupid
predictable way :
while some film are cheaply made ,
that could be done on a child 's workshop pc.that ings me to the worst aspect of this steaming pile of dung
so even the dumbest of film buff could see they are computer generated .
i have wasted enough time with review ,
1/10.about the dvd :
all three of these sub-human primordial slime are so incredibly stupid
i do not want to waste any more of you kind reader 's time or mine
1/10 .
the soprano are one of the best production ever ,
it is perfect !
in my opinion prison break and the soprano are the best-ever series made for television .
and the actor are perfect .
well that is excellent news as far as i am concerned.dead baby
but lacks the wit and technical proficiency
real person will actually want to watch ? avoid like the plague .
by doing what he did best ,
and he does it beautifully .
that is sympathetic in any way ,
memorable performance.michelle pfeiffer gives a solid performance
pfeiffer is subtle and understated ,
an excellent precursor to the more recent and highly acclaimed `traffic
i rate this one 8/10 .
who do their best
dysfunctional family
while gerald ayre ' script is somewhat messy and rambling ,
capricious and unpredictable everyday life .
giorgio moroder arranged the excellent score ,
aces-wearing laura dern as an obnoxious party crasher .
great cast
great director
great story potential
that fails to generate any suspense ,
wasted opportunity.on the plus side ,
who are all fantastic ,
who provides some wonderful bit of humor and warmth to a dark and serious film .
the film had a great look
to it ... all shadow and fog ... very film noir in feel.even
though the actor do the best they can
and the directing is enjoyable ,
and as always he does his best - i am a major dennis fan anyway ,
do not look for secret message and a fantastic script
and just have a bit of fun with it !
this is the greatest piece of animation
the image and style are amazing ,
and match perfectly with the story
except that it deals with a rarely touched topic
i enjoyed the film
something you do not rarely see in film today .
that his favorite employee -stewart- is having an affair with the owner 's wife ) ,
made by an earlier reviewer about baddy
this is one of my favorite film of all time .
al pacino acting is at its best
and the story is excellent .
too bad it did not do to well in the 80 's
a campy concoction of fun
a creepy great uncle
avoid her creepy great uncle and thumb her nose at the stuffy uptight 'preservative '
which would have provided great humor and dysfunctional about the show 's set up .
play the mother and dysfunctional sibling .
and that job are not very fun .
as to be laughable.i will be the first
this is not a horrible film
i sincerely consider this movie as another poor effort of dominican movie industry .
the first 30 minute of the movie are a little funny
becoming boring
and not funny at all .
without explanation and the end of the movie is predictable .
but i went out really disappointed.i do not recommand this movie .
unimaginative and tedious.a series of set image and backdrop do not make a film ,
not only fails to entertain ,
it fails to convince ,
so it does not even function as social history .
clich\u00e9s co-mingled with bad acting make this a film very difficult to finish ,
the fantastic writing and the charming romance .
his depiction of the life of person in the rural neighbourhood is excellent ,
and the script was also fantastic .
the film 's biggest weakness was himesh reshammiya 's uninspiring music
and this can be easily attributed to the wonderful writing
shows us a rugged but beautiful greece ,
she is terrible in her anguish ,
that neither the individual nor the group can function normally any longer .
worst of all
( played by young and beautiful drew barrymore ) ,
who haunts her.the movie is quite poor and lousy .
was the great journey
it is a rare treat
probably should have.aside from the score being great
the content was mostly tedious and predictable .
the message is obscure
it is just too bad certain thing
later to be a great character along the same line on the hit show nypd blue ,
ridiculous explanation of everything
and it is worth watching for my three favorite scene alone .
he is not doing the great slapstick
is terrible .
cleese is the only even partially funny member.to top it off ,
the plot is pretty stupid .
nothing funny .
it seems to give the message
i enjoyed the cinematographic recreation of china in the 1930s in this beautiful film .
the plot is a bit predictable and a bit too sentimental for me
despite wang lung and olan 's best effort
but that only makes matter worse
i was really disappointed in this movie .
i just did not care for this at all.no way could i recommend this mess .
but never saw anything as delicate and beautiful again as this small tv movie .
france lee mccain is superb in the role of career photographer
this is probably one of the worst movie ever made .
bad acting
bad special effect
bad plot ,
bad everything .
the editor must have been asleep or on drug its so bad .
do they have to smoke to be bad . ?
either shoots blue flame or bullet ,
the bad girl and the other girl in the movie look so much alike
the best part
and his ignorance is supposed to be funny .
the ending is wholly predictable just as is every line
but here she screams and rant and twitch her way through a ridiculous part
that quickly becomes annoying to watch .
unfortunately
as everyone tries to cast blame on to other
which version of the truth they like the best .
there are not some great performance here .
was loved and cared for by many person
bosworth 's apple-cheeked performance is at time annoying
lucas is a great performer
even dylan mcdermott was surprisingly capable in his role of drug dealing biker .
the story and character may have been less than sympathetic ,
that holme was not a bad guy ,
that hugo chavez is truly a great historical figure .
most of the acting is mediocre
then the fun really begins.the movie
which are fun
major stupidity in ab 's decision making .
he believes utally insulting his son 's soul in every possible way
insulting him will make him stronger ?
eddie is one of the funniest comic i
he makes some of the funniest observation on history and culture
and their annoying little kid move to japan for hubby 's work .
( the makeup is hysterically bad )
is terrific in a lousy film .
this is a very boring film .
this steaming pile of donkey excrement is a perfect case in point ;
`` santa claus '' also makes keith richard ' worst flashback look like my first nocturnal emission .
if you are looking for the perfect example of a santa-satan dichotomy on vhs tape ,
as i have been notified the mst3k version is now available .
it was great to see a movie about other young girl growing up ,
and making some bad choice as well as good one .
the great dress
it is funny ,
or hooligan is a bad film .
the story is full of fantastical idea and premise
about football will spot immediately.my first main gripe with hooligan is the poor casting of the two main character .
i like elijah wood and have a great respect for his work ,
but despite his best effort he struggled to pull off this role .
unfortunately ,
he demonstrates the worst east london accent
unfortunately
but give the whole game and person of this country a bad reputation .
if the 'gse ' in this film truly loved their club
it does not show the poor innocent by-stander at football match
that is anything but compelling.4/10 in my filmometer.p.s .
leslie sand ' stilted play `` deadlock '' becomes a poor-choice vehicle for bette davis and gary merrill
one of bette 's best director from her peak year
is sadly unable to elevate this ridiculous material ,
he played the male child ghost in this b horror horrible ,
the only other no-budget horror film on a level as bad
each portion is funny in its own right ,
while i have never heard a fan cite dirty work as his or her favorite laurel and hardy comedy ,
this mark a rare venture into sci-fi territory for landh ; abbott and costello and the three stooge tangled with mad doctor far more often than stan and ollie .
he perfects his solution .
the way w.c. field ' movie would feature the world 's worst rear-projection screens.the slapstick stuff is great fun ,
as great as stan laurel and oliver hardy were in their prime ,
but dirty work mark a rare occasion from this period
this is a highly enjoyable comedy anyhow ,
she is given some pretty pathetic dialogue
valentine gives us a boorish and pathetic portrayal of a suffering vampire
this movie can honestly only be recommended to the die hard fan of charlie spradling
and blames himself lolol ) ,
but fails with horrendous acting ,
funny stuff ! however
the real great moment comes near the end
lol.1/10 rating
subtle joke
i put in the top 15 funniest movie .
that every kid is bad
can be bad ?
but script and story itself is terrible .
a pretty mediocre journalist
with not exactly great story
and some of them are really only the result of his stupidity .
i can not help but to ask what is he doing in this particularly bad movie .
which is starting to look pathetic on middle aged actor .
and stays completely forgettable in this movie .
prayer for bruce it sounds not only lame and pathetic
bad script
lame dialog
there were few funny moment ,
its great i loved it ha cause i love dinosaur
they r the greatest animal
but i loved the show cause
it has a good storyline and great for little kid ( if they like dinosaur that is ) i have a few down too its not all that great cause of the dinosaur look a little mutated so i should have had but a 7 but right now is a little late for that yay 4 more line to go it is great for a fantasy show
what it was so nvm guess its not a spoiler so never mind i loved it and its my opinion and sorry for any missed spelled word
because he really does a great job .
annoying they almost ruin every scene
also george lucas ' stupid decision
that the film falls short of illiance.8/10
he blackmails them into helping him score with beautiful
.stupid and incompetent `` comedy '' - a lot more groan-inducing than laugh-inducing .
! further inging it down are its utter predictability and the waste
while the ridiculous aspect make
this is one of jacky best film
it has one of the best opening in any action film
i do not blame kurasowa
( like the cast which is across the board great )
and who gets run out of town by bad guy
the story is basically boring
and no middle.there are beautiful shot
that are made not beautiful
who rarely have need for cash
line of the tax code try to pin down the family to fundamental .
but it is so rare
which would you prefer to treat your loved one ?
well ... funny .
unfortunately
and disappointing dud .
it does not waste time with empty melodrama
and clever fun ;
but perhaps it is because of the central message
everywhere in affluent societies.the message of this movie
surely one of the worst movie ever .
an incomprehensible plot is poorly delivered and poorly presented .
as they looked embarrassed to be in this waste of celluloid and more lately dvd blank
the movie is beautiful ,
( to the best of my knowledge ) ,
this is the worst acting job i have ever seen from jeremy iron
while avoiding eye-contact by pretending
the best film about marriage and family .
that will be come to the dangerous and paradoxical fascinating world of marriage and family .
this decision could be the better or the worst in our life and the life of our kid .
because of weakness and desperation of steffania
they like a beautiful marriage and family
a truly and beautiful marriage depends only of the couple :
where each one feel loved
the screenplay is wonderful .
the performance are great :
an excellent direction and script .
the color and the management of the camera
superb .
really loved the scene
having a great time with this cult classic about horror comedy
while `` angel in the outfield '' fails miserably in the first category ,
it succeeds beautifully in the latter two .
the script and direction provide some gem .
modesty manage to overcome terrible odd through discipline
very funny and entertaining and which
pitting these two unlikely roommates together within the same four wall makes for some hugely funny predicament .
intermittently funny spoof of the music video business
it is too bad
this film is a beautiful reconstruction of small time ireland in the 1970/s .
the sound editing is pretty bad .
hope and disappointment .
and the film is never boring .
she is living in a beautiful village
and the villager are all wonderful person
the villager act after smoking a joint is ridiculous
that is none the less very enjoyable .
since it is simply not true that the offender are the bad one and the victim the good one .
the bad one participate on the goodness
as the good one participate on the badness .
a relation between good and bad can not even been established ,
the bad conscience of the survivor of nazi germany
he also has no redeeming quality .
avoid the booth like the plague ,
now that content is so cheap to produce
and the best part of the film are direct translation from what greene wrote ;
that the film is bad in any way .
is a dreadful shame
art direction by john ralph and an excellent cast
they really pulled of a great show .
that my two favorite movie are `` the deer hunter '' and `` enchanted april '' .
is by far the worst elvis related movie of all time
totally unfunny
mike starr is funny
the movie lacks fun
and becomes more boring minute after minute .
if you want to see an ultra cheap ,
insane but absolutely funny little film
i truly recommend you `` bubba ho-tep '' instead of this mess .
of course the acting is terrible
it is terrible
in a funny way they tried to sell this one as really not for the squeamish .
had that annoying bell
and this one is the worst one of them all .
they should have stopped at `` the wedding '' .this movie feel like just a stupid porn movie
just stick with the nice original trilogy.2/10
i was awed at how beautiful and raw this documantary was .
the family is fascinating
comes from the naturalness of the family 's dysfunction .
that neither could function in society alone
really bad slasher flick .
before it finishes them ? this all sounds really bad ,
this would 've been a perfect detail
the actor are not great
but most are having fun with their character
this is a horrible movie
that should be avoided ,
and this is what makes it more enjoyable than any of the other neo-slasher flick .
the worst kind of film .
the rest of the film was not a great deal better and i am left wondering
this is one of my favorite movie of all time .
i loved rain man with dustin hoffman and tom cruise .
i enjoyed the night listener very much .
it is one of the better movie of the summer.robin williams gives one of his best performance .
sandra oh adds a wonderful comic touch .
toni collette is great as the mom ,
which is a refreshing change from many director these day
you will be disappointed.my only complaint with the movie was the ending .
starring everybody 's favorite tv dad
that belushi and his panting partner give their best performance yet - one
john belushi is not alive to see what great strides his other has made in the acting world.i
why the original movie and the book are so great is
david self and jan de bont have taken a crap on this great story !
this is the best film
it is just as poorly acted as their other effort ,
bo looks great
and this greatly enhances its camp value .
in a strange way it is actually quite funny ,
simply because it tries to be serious and fails so badly .
and makes stupid wisecrack .
is surprisingly delightful as the grandmother ,
bad acting
repeat flashback footage and annoying distorted camera-work .
fast paced and funny satire about that original `` reality tv ''
the script by playwright robert harling is packed with one liner and ridiculous situation .
the best of them is the climax
that quickly deteriorates into bad improv and a ain transplant .
and kathy najimy are all perfect .
unfortunately
( he did a fantastic job for his performance ) .
if her illiant acting was so subtle ,
the character were weak
the plot weaker .
i figured this could not be too bad
the end result has far greater impact
what was so funny ?
and finding some new life in it that would separate it from most dull and overly crafted mexican film .
who is always a favorite of mexican film director )
to serrano the more pathetic one .
we got his message
that were the only solid ground
funny how a studio thinks
this one is just a cheap imitation .
this is one of the funniest show
it is really refreshing to watch and i was in stitch many time .
and do not exclude anyone from their twisted sense of fun !
there are so many funny sketch .
my favorite is the bob the builder one .
it is such a funny show
this series easily adds to the excellent comedy
i have seen a lot of bad film .
but this really takes badness to new extremes.it is bland ,
avoid at all cost .
-- he would have been great as a rugby player )
isabelle huppert is not allowed to give a bland
plays nelly 's husband beautifully ;
this was not the worst movie i have ever seen ,
some band watched a bit too much gwar.my personal favorite was the head demon ,
pop a can of cheap beer
that is not entirely terrible
a bug 's life like toy story is great story
great character and great animation .
my favorite character are dim the rhino beetle
my favorite scene is when slim the walking stick
a bug 's life is my favorite pixar
it the worst pixar film ever !
there have been mainline film worse
but this got ridiculous .
perhaps the worst trashy person in the film and a character
which is painted even worse in the novel .
one of the worst of the `` modern era . ''
this thing is horrible .
it is just awful .
and it is a horrible waste of talent .
these folk might have dreamed up something excellent .
david dorfman as the 6 year old son of william h. macy is the most refreshing little actor i have seen in awhile .
it is always great to see donald sutherland and here
he is wonderful as the callous father of macy .
the cinematography creates the mood along with a very subtle musical background .
and always make it through great difficulty .
america has proved itself to be the greatest country in the world .
and keep us poor
i rank this film with a 1/10
and one such fan named nancy comes up to her favorite star and pours her heart out to myrtle .
she blames it on the lack of depth in the character
the play lacks ? ''
it is expected does not mean it is any duller than woman under the influence- if anything ,
played by a subtle laura johnson .
along with seeing great actor performing an amazing script ,
happen.it is funny
some of the best theater-on-film scene ever put in a movie ,
blur together wonderfully .
watching what i think is a really bad movie ,
`` is this movie really as bad as the horrific soul-sucking beast
this is that rare monster :
and way too insanely stupid for adult .
henry thomas was `` great '' .
i do not like using the word `` awful ''
for which a great deal of time
but zefferelli 's attempt to adapt charlotte bront\u00eb 's novel 'jane eyre ' is a total waste of time.the script is lacking in finesse and power ,
and the musical score drippy and dull .
worse even than joan fontaine ,
in which she would have been best left out .
a very great actress
is completely wasted as jane 's aunt
good about this film is that the house is beautiful and the cinematography vividly colored ,
it is not even a supposed `` so bad it is good '' movie .
this show is amazing ! !
this show is wonderful !
the soundtrack is great similar to the way
used every great wolf song
best line missing from the quote section btw ~ 'once
a poorly designed creature
( i love to see what filmmaker have in mind for their design in these cheaply
i got disappointed
anyways.this movie gets a 3/10 star imo .
the boring search and destroy mission
protecting it ... kinda lame .
even lamer is the tagged-on love relationship between two of the character
not that that is a bad thing :
and understanding as the perfect mother of a gay boy ,
( and in some case it is just too poor to forgive )
to be so wasted in `` the contractor '' .one of my worst flick fear has come to bitter fruition .
these film are made really bad by these motion-sickness-inducing method ,
not merely hinted at by poor
just be content with the tranquility this lack affords to your life.2/10 ;
as the problem whenever a film proves disappointing ,
tauter directing and really competent acting must remain a matter of personal judgement .
that i am not blaming pium for my disappointment ,
to avoid giving away any spoiler i will refrain from pointing out all of the dozen of specific instance .
given by some of the best actor in the world .
the series also manages to demean male and female gay in subtle way
how subtle propaganda can be then by all mean do so .
so you can avoid enriching the ultra right winger at faux network
it is one of martino 's best film .
it will have been worthwhile.i had to watch this horrible movie for a college course .
it is a wonderful example of the product
consider this to be one of the worst i
that russia is not `` the bad guy '' .
badly animated
even more badly written and not worth wasting the time to view .
that comes off more stupid than funny .
and `` spaceball '' are some of my favorite comedy
because the movie was not all that funny .
she is the best lady dedlock ...
and if you do not care for all the legal situation can be dreary or boring .
this presentation is entertaining enough not to be boring .
i just loved mr. smallweed -
i loved the show .
the beautiful photography and the scene of the fox were amazing .
the story was so very slow and boring .
this movie sets a terrible example to the child
even after the terrible event with the main fox ,
what a disappointment this movie was .
and what a horrible story it tells .
the final narrated dialog was so stupid ,
and this by far has the best story .
this is a fascinating film
sadly
( though very poorly )
and were among the worst ever put on film ,
and the acting was pretty awful.now this does not mean that the film is not worth seeing
the musical number excellent
10/10 for this film.i am a itish india doctor ,
and rhys-myer did a superb job.if you hate football ,
this film has knocked `` star war '' off my no.1 position.surprisingly ,
i wonder why ? 10/10 for this film .
helps a great deal too.it is hard to portray a woman 's heart
and find them fascinating.the tenant is frustratingly sluggish and over-orchestrated .
everyone seems two-dimensional.the worse for this is the character of bill spear
i found his characterization very uncomfortable and very unsympathetic .
( which gets really predictable after a while )
and i so desperately wanted him to have some redeeming quality .
it is just perfect .
as if it was lead by the theatrical principle of `` private space '' ... amazing .
the paper-thin plot leaves room for several great musical number
joe and clarence 's lament to their fellow sailor
which is sadly deleted from some print of this film ) ,
the egyptian girl is not bad looking
it is deadly dull and uninventive
i am sure i loved it .
from the wonderfully twisted
and it is great fun .
they are shown to be surprisingly normal
and it is very difficult to watch.all in all zero day is an excellent movie ,
this is easily one of the worst 5 movie i
which is poorly written
after all have to try and digest a terrible script .
that something this bad gets made .
ok its not the best film i have ever seen
story line was pretty awful and during the first part of the first short story i wondered
what the hell i was watching but at the same time it was so awful i loved
it cheap laugh all the way.and jebidia deserves an oscar for his role in this movie the only thing
but if your after cheap laugh
a spoiler.what three word can guarantee you a terrible film ?
cheap canadian production .
terrible script
idiotic acting and hilarious special effect make this a must for every bad movie fan .
a mother and daughter are murdered by one of the funniest
what begins as funny turns dull and tiring toward the end
the brain is too funny a concept
for pulling some of the worst acting i have seen .
their way of interacting is so beautiful and natural
is also excellently portrayed as the fascist italian
the beginning scene with hitler at piazza venezia with all the italian is incredible
i loved the film and i also agree
that it is funny
both claire and richard did a great role ,
some stupid vapid bar in the middle of nowhere ,
where nothing really takes place.the acting is beyond bad .
so bad in fact
the only thing worse than the acting was the dialogue ,
with a film this bad it is easy to overlook it .
this film is god awful .
hi.. i consider just cause one of my favorite sean connery 's movie ,
it is a tense psychological thriller with excellent performance from the cast ,
especially connery..it also has one of the best line i
it also has one of the best scene in movie ever ,
when sean interview ed harris 's character in prison is just fantastic..i enjoyed this one a lot and i can not recommend this enough ,
it ... this movie is actually worse than the first one .
this was the greatest movie ever ,
i am still cry to this day thinking about that horrible turd of a movie ... .and
do not even get me started on that horrible mess of a film .
one of the most boring experience of my entire life .
minor detail such as the old forest and tom bombadil
it is also annoying that boromir is a bloody stage viking
gandalf is excellent ,
and most of the rest of the voicework is excellent .
there is a vast disappointment built in .
far worse is the altogether miserable job
they seem more interested in bad song than in proper storytelling .
this film 's heart is solidly in place
that is as dreadful as this one .
like he is to blame for all this .
including best picture and best director .
this film did not do nearly as well at the oscar only winning one award for best cinematography
and a best actor in a supporting role for paul newman .
this picture is a great story
let 's dance our way out of being poor and destitute - or step in this case .
but this one lacks any semblance of a true plot - or at least one
they were messing with a pc program
and came upon this little gem .
they slowly begin a painful and beautiful display of healing and moving on.i just hate it
when amazing movie fall through the crack .
but all in all a excellent movie .
i enjoyed it a lot .
i enjoyed it from the beginning .
mel brooks gives a great performance as the lead character ,
and overall this is a very enjoyable and very easy to watch film.very recommended .
it was funny
that was funny ,
and then the film goes into some of the best skit i have ever seen anywhere .
there were four amazing one out of all the good one .
the best one features eli wallach and cloris leachman as a bickering old couple .
and ethan hawke and maggie q are excellent as a flirting man and a hooker .
it was fantastic to live up to its excellence .
see some great dramatic effect ,
see an amazing amount of great performance ,
cheap dada film .
while overall it almost insulted me ,
but fails miserably.what is it ?
it only has enough different imagery for a 40 minute movie.even worse than that
and everything else felt very very cheap and almost unplanned .
and was quite ... boring .
had amazing cinematography and framing .
this movie is easily the worst of the series .
beyond that this movie was so poorly done !
bad script
bad character
bad acting
worse directing .
and not funny or amusing for comedy crowds .
just a total mess with some really bad cameos
because of how bad it had gotten .
that audience really wanted to laugh with some stupid comedy than see a good and scary horror film .
the best moment has the big boy trying to talk about life
that it is a good but not great movie ,
these guy were two of the best jazz trumpeter of their day ,
( and in my opinion his best work ) ,
played by great tom hank
perfectly played by young tyler hoechlin ,
all the background and decoration are perfectly created
the most important moment and point of the movie and the key factor of the movie success are difficult father-son relation in bad time .
tom hank does excellent
and has one of the best performance of his career in a quite unusual role for him and all acting across
the board is superb .
involved in making this beautiful
i believe road to perdition belong to greatest achievement of film-making of this decade and undoubtedly one of the best film of the year.my grade 10/10
'' this remains one of the greatest fantasy film ever made .
but its wonderful to know
that it is deserved that reputation.like all great family film
( perhaps my favorite classic film score )
beautiful set
this is one of my all-time favorite movie
( excellent )
my title is kinda lame ,
and then go back and watch to catch the subtle joke .
but they are both damn funny .
tone def 's awful video during his `` awakening '' phase is so bizarre ,
yet so funny.i could go on awhile ,
and do not waste it on cb4 .
there are slightly less funny moment ,
perhaps my favorite scene is when ice cold and tastey taste
this movie stays to it is wonderful action and great story .
although if you are looking for a movie with an excellent picture this one
i have always enjoyed the intense action and the excellent acting
overall that is what makes this an excellent fun film to watch .
i was disappointed
and for the price of blu ray player and the blue ray discs you should only have the best picture .
what a badass !
anyhow the ultra-cheap 'sakura killer ' is some stupid ,
but cheesy ninja action fun
the score is a chintzy arrangement .
house of game is a wonderful movie at multiple level .
to incredible strength and self realization .
none of the flair of deal or no deal.this show is all about dancing and stupid thing to fill in the time.i
then i had to turn it off.the best part of it was william shatner dancing on the stage .
unfortunately
to be made into a film.this was dev anand 's perhaps best directorial effort .
the scottish locale was wasted .
it is reason enough to waste 90 minute on happy go lovely .
this movie is dull dull dull .
that was all done in the tv show.as great and stunning
and seeing gwizdo walking sadly off by himself amidst the floating ruin
and i am 15.the world is amazing ,
to see some of my favorite character go .
i loved this movie !
chris showerman did an amazing job !
not only is he an incredible actor ,
he did a great job on the delivery of his line ,
a great performance for his first major roll !
this is hands down the worst movie i can ever remember watching .
the acting was horrible too .
the camera work was not bad
that i wasted watching this crap .
that this movie is so bad
and unforgettable psychological horror film
and not only for its amazing direction and authentic style - but most of all for its performance .
and one of the most subtle
while dawson is seen in some good supporting performance in some great-to-bad film ,
believably and thematically.one of the best film of its year
too bad it was way too blunt for a widespread appeal .
but princess blade has some of the worst fight i have ever seen in a movie .
now we have a `` futuristic '' action movie with poor action ,
which was quite bad .
funny and warm character
fantastic acting and beautiful costumes/wardrobe.parminder k. nagra
is wonderful in this role .
i was dancing throughout most of the movie.highly recommended
if a fun movie is what you need .
this is one of the best film
a great surprise :
sort of bad
the first ten or so minute were not too bad ,
and certainly is one of the worst christmas movie ever invented .
this movie is only fun .
and the movie is more more in the visual than in the message.thus ,
you will find some funny scene
and like every other great composer
what a great film this is !
just a great story
the best performance in the movie was given by michele morgan
would be great on a double bill with mulholland drive .
after the terrible `` life is a miracle '' .
that this movie is ten time worse than `` life ... '' .
few sarcastic line are semi-funny ,
and very good performance of emir 's son stribor kusturica.in short : too bad for such a great director !
giving a kind of `` falcon crest '' dimension to the whole affair is a wonderful way
to waste your time ,
horrible or just simple awful.as a result ,
it is funny ,
the acting is great
this movie has a great message
ellen burstyn and jodelle ferland have both been nominated for best actress in a tv drama at the up-coming emmy award in new york ,
peter masterson-director- has been nominated best director tv drama at the emmy award also .
best actress in a tv drama
that 'phantom lady ' will never crack into my film noir top twenty .
to get beyond the dreadfully slow beginning.the film
trying to describe this scene will either prove an injustice to the scene or worse yet ,
the most part this film comes off as tepid and bland with a few great scene and one magnificent scene .
when one can not decide on having a tastier treat.7/10 .
taking revenge from beyond the grave lame and lifeless would be too ironical
even a mediocre script such as this one was able to attract 10 star name - cliff robertson
most surprisingly perhaps
is managed to be described so humanely and sympathetically ,
to tear in perfect balance .
over-everything mess i have ever seen come out of france .
there is nothing worse than a french production
and cr is a perfect example of such a wannabe horror/action/buddy flick .
with the stupid revelation about the killer
does not even come close to the awfulness of this overbaked
that is fun
between tim robbin cute smile and meg 's cuteness this is a refreshing movie .
new jersey is beautiful in the spring .
that he is an automobile mechanic.favorite scene :
kurt and boris letting all the research animal free ! favorite quote :
this is a refreshing movie ,
i would taken the worst
pointless
avoid at all cost .
it was not funny .
plus melody herself is not such a great character
either ... she is damned annoying !
the story is bad ,
even worse .
this is very nearly a perfect film .
it is wonderful .
before tokyo is laid to waste
that is even funnier than the regularly dubbed japanese fare .
badly played and completely unfunny .
but he is funny ,
is awful here .
to build thisweak film around .
recalls the type of film noir thisfilm try to be ,
beautifully shot they are well performed and faithful to the text .
thrown to waste .
sadly `` love 's labour 's lost '' is awful !
destroyed by weak
that they just do not belong here.aside from weak singing ,
and the only positive on their behalf is a vast improvemant on the truly dreadful timothy spall.in fact ,
unfortunately though
weakly acted ,
`` love 's labour 's lost '' is perhaps the weakest shakespeare adaptation of the last forty year .
it should be avoided like the plague and should never have been made .
a poor
disappointing choice by branagh and here is hoping
but ... this was just so incredibly annoying .
he is really funny ,
he was funny in this movie ...
but not nearly funny enough for me to endure everything else .
less annoying camera shot
and that can truly be refreshing to watch ,
i really enjoyed this movie .
antwerp is a beautiful
funny and a little shallow .
in that light some might be disappointed .
'worst case scenario ' would be a subtle subtitle for any way
it is in most respect a classic film noir script :
it avoids being stereotypical ,
using the character of snafu as a perfect negative example :
-- all for the greater good ,
and the message is still a valid one .
rumor is a rare example of a wartime educational film
whose essential message does not feel at all dated ;
i played it beautifully throughout ;
most made for tv movie are awful
this movie is not great ,
but it is a good and enjoyable one .
but refreshing nonetheless .
and that horrible thing happen .
at best .
as being so simple and pathetic ,
good- heartedness and complete lack of irony refreshing ,
the image perfectly balanced by the three element .
several of the actor are astonishingly beautiful .
moved by the beautiful simplicity of the actor and the wildly original
were disappointed with the original 1995 horror yarn ,
`` the fear '' will find more to be disappointed with in this silly little sequel .
who was excellent in this film .
it was not too bad .
unless you really loved the original and enjoy plucking splinter out from under your skin ,
4/10 .
flat out the funniest spoof of pretentious art house film ever made.this flick expose all the clich\u00e9s
excruciatingly bad
pointless plot point .
a hilarious satire of those tedious movie
made by spoiled teenage trust-funder ,
what an awesome movie and incredible young man .
and that annoying voice
because the script is even worse
but the script fails in almost every department
to find out where all the stolen ide are going to.she quickly figures out that the one common thing among all the stolen ide is a rare orchid
'' the devil bat '' ... .same silly plot line and bad acting and same silly 'reporter gets bad guy ' deal.but lugosi is always good
playing the reporter was just a terrible actor ... .she had no emotion whatsoever
if only for bela lugosi fan.lugosi was always so intense even when the picture was a dog.he must have known he was doing terrible picture but maybe he also knew
if he gave it everything he had a little of that intensity might shine through past all the bad plot and bad acting
and the acting was awful .
she is usually a wonderful actress ,
where the acting was so bad ,
that you will have completely wasted .
and fascinating protagonist ever created to this point in history .
this is a great documentary film .
director `` stephen low '' did a great job
the dvd looks and sounds amazing .
and best of all it is imax !
great home theater test disc .
beautiful historic building
and i find the complaint of the previous reviewer about the poor film quality quite uninformed and patronizing .
it is unlikely that the director and producer drummed up much government support and funding for their film ,
and they did the best
fun-loving free spirit with a dark
the decent agent under fire and the dull goldeneye rogue agent .
graphic were some of the best i
farcry instinct predator has some of the best graphic
and beautiful henchwoman
the bad thing is that one of them is hidden in katya 's boobs .
and save the world.the great thing about this game is that it actually has actor voicing the character
some of them short and some of them pretty long and tricky.gameplay - 10/10 graphic - 9/10 sound - 9/10 replay value -
7/10 multiplayer - 8/10i give this game a grand total of 90 %
superb cast
( or starring these wonderful actor ) .
the writing is so bad ,
it lacks any direction .
the character are dull stereotype
are not bad person ,
would be bad
greatest actress working today ,
horrible .
on how great this show is .
the joke are lame as ...
and the plot is ridiculous .
the actor are obviously struggling to be funny and are probably cringing
when they hit those awful punchline
instead - more fun .
thunderbird was a great series for the time
and would have made a great action/adventure movie
they stole the show ! i always enjoyed thunderbird more for the high-tech than the story ,
i would have enjoyed seeing more of the cool gadgets.but then ,
and the result is an enjoyable movie ,
to creating the best star trek story
it is one of the most unforgettable cinematic experience i have ever had
the ridiculous situation is well captured .
and bad behavior can be provided
-- the amazing title
some scary/horror movie just fail to eak the mold of the `` let do something forbidden and forsaken for the sake of fun
sadly
terrible movie .
that is what i did with john lecarre 's karla trilogy and larry mcmurty 's texas ranger trilogy.does anyone have any suggestion for great book or book series
the most gruesome pretense of a movie ever ... there were great script moment
horrible script
i am just quite disappointed with `` soul survivor '' .
the script is very poor as well as all the `` acting ''
and for our entertainment it features a pointless plot.please ,
be a real `` survivor '' ... do not waste your time in this piece of crap !
one of the most boring film i ever see .
ultra violent zombie movie filmed with a bad
and it shows in their terrible hilarious reading .
it is a funny and sickening film ,
and it is about as bad
it could have done after the disappointment of the fifth film .
how much i enjoyed it !
she is rather dull in her oscar-winning `` shakespeare in love '' performance
-- she is nigh on perfect as emma woodhouse .
she is surrounded by a great supporting cast
this film had a great cast going for it :
just in vengeance for boring us to death.unless you really like chris lee or seventy low-budget sci-fi ,
it falls into that narrow range of wasted celluloid between star odyssey and ufo :
the wild but impressive avant-garde musical score from noted jazzman gil melle was incredible
as the golf pro was wonderful
-- such subtlety and complexity in a role
the acting was great ,
and loved it ,
the writing was not terrible ,
seek out this rare film .
recommended !
and has produced a lot of great material
it is also an insufferably boring film !
albeit very stupid ,
this is just an awful film
that i actually enjoyed the fact
who keeps a poor crazy woman in the attic ? ''
that the rare misstep is glaring
it is bad .
i love its a wonderful life
but this particular movie is awful .
all make this a weaker film .
it is further weakened by mature ,
he may be the worst cast choice ever for doc ,
ford did get information first hand from wyatt earp.it is also weakened by the all so predictable event
and ready to kill off unette woman in very predictable fashion
and does cheapen the art
it is the weakest of the old ok corral movie .
this masterpiece of cinema history portrait the overuse of crappy filter in it is best !
kinda.loaded was kind of boring at first
where nothing bad can happen
the creator of this movie as well as the actor did a great job of portraying
how thing can just go bad
and how person can make really bad choice .
sometimes they turn out bad
who wrote the illiant `` a double life '' and the funny `` born yesterday ''
and co-wrote such excellent screenplay as `` adam 's rib '' and `` pat and mike '' with his wife ruth gordon and then the one
that even the effort of the always wonderful brenda vaccaro are defeated .
but sadly one
it is hard to imagine a boring shark movie ,
which is always fun
poor focus in some scene made the production seems amateurish .
the technology is all but wasted .
his introspective and dull treatment of his subject is a constant disappointment .
as we loved `` a special day '' .
because his latest film were disappointing .
they are both excellent actor
for the subtle and organic score by david torn
that they are forced to engage the higher function of their ain
a recommended film only for person
pretty terrible stuff .
if taylor and burton are acting badly
she is really awful .
the great romolo valli as taylor 's resourceful doctor and michael dunn as her nasty dwarf security guard ...
a lot of his role though were weak
in this film he played the weak other
he never became a star.highly recommended .
it is so bad i
this is the worst thing about this appallingly stupid film .
even given the unbelievably bad material and mongoloid-level situations.hepburn was a great person
greater than most movie star ever dreamed of being ,
and she was once one of the most charming and beautiful of film actor .
after this dreadful performance
even when she was bad .
' perhaps her most perfect
if possibly not her best in many way.and
john ritter is horrible ,
she just sounds ridiculous.to think
that 'breakfast at tiffany 's ' was such a profound sort of light poetic thing with audrey hepburn one of the most beautiful woman in the world
-- she was surely one of the most beautiful screen presence in 'my fair lady ' ,
matching garbo in several thing and delphine seyrig in 'last year at marienbad . '
a beautiful service
and this ought much emotion and some real tear out in the congregation.a great lady
and one of the greatest and most beautiful of film star in many movie of the 50 's and 60 's who became a truly bad one
and perhaps it is only a great human
is incomprehensible.this new film is a mess .
the dialogue is laughable ,
that you would not even waste time
time is too precious to be wasted on crap like this .
and occasionally utal film noir.the acting across the board is fantastic .
richard widmark makes for a great anti-hero and jean peter is quite sexy as a girl
the angle fuller employ are great ,
`` pickup on south street '' is a great action-paced noir thriller .
`` shock corridor '' remains my favorite fuller film ,
( 8/10 )
as lampidorra 's financial problem worsen ...
fun little farce ... .along the line of marx brother film .
without annoying credit in between or having to wait a week for the next fifteen minutes.you have the story of the maxx
because part of the fun is trying to figure out
and it was one of my favorite .
this was the best show
but i do not say this in disappointment .
( sandler in his best role since `` punch-drunk love '' )
with equal part humor and genuine heartache the film works best
it was pretty perfect ,
i felt bad for jonestown and especially for anton ,
great piece of film-making and great choice of subject
all of the best line are directly related to liarianhip .
liarian might even be capable of having fun
( the best movie about liarian ?
and this one is great !
the movie 's greatest asset is the story
and uncovers the barbarism of a very refined and lawful society .
my 10/10 rating is merely for the fun factor
the entire story is more amazing than the film ,
i derated `` man of honor '' from a perfect 10 down to a 7.will hollywood ever realize
too bad !
tremendous speed and a bad mexican accent do not a classic character make
relying on predictable gag usually based around a similar chase formula .
his personality is sapped by his being forced into the predictable .
but speedy makes an even duller adversary thank to his detestable cockiness and the blatant impossibility of his capture .
poor old sylvester would be forced to appear alongside speedy for many year
and on top of that this is a very boring film
than the work of an original and authentic auteur to come.the cinematography is just ... too perfect for my liking .
this is by far the most incredible movie i have seen in a long time .
the actor gave wonderful portrayal of the character in the movie .
she is ridiculous
it will increase your testimony of this most incredible man .
complete waste of time ... .
but it is so disappointing !
but this turn-over makes movie even worse ... .
i expect lousy joke and bunch of nudeness ... joke are too lousy
acting is bad ...
like soap series ... do not waste your time !
( sorry on my bad english )
that this is one of the message of this film ,
that the premise for this film is beautiful
is a rare thing these day ,
the movie has a wonderful specificity
it also beautifully involves older character .
there is not a poorly written scene
it is not that bad for a made-for-tv horror movie ,
but it is not a waste of time
you will not be disappointed .
and keep an eye out for the cloaked satanist in maverick shade toward the beginning.not a great horror film by any stretch of the imagination ,
who conveys much with very little.not a great film ,
this is documentary at its best
the world at war is unforgettable and irreplaceable for anyone
`` i considered andy goldsworthy one of the great contemporary artist .
captured perfectly through riedelsheimer 's len ,
and that is why i had avoided it .
actually one of the best i have seen in a while .
that is very rare for a movie
and michel serrault gives an unforgettable performance
that it was the clockwork perfection of his crime
unfortunately
that hitler loved dog ,
and that nazis guilty of the worst war crime could also be loving father and family man ,
and yet also function normally .
it made a broadway star of the great actress tovah feldshuh ,
but nooooo ... the great star barbra had to do it her way .
and as if that is not bad enough ,
whose best moment is the shot of his naked rear end )
nine totally forgettable song ,
and on top of that the whole mess goes on for two hour and fifteen minute .
i was sick of the whole sorry mess after forty-five minute.awful
awful
awful .
what a refreshing story .
how disappointing to have it end .
i would have loved to see each character develop over the year .
i loved this movie ,
but no obtrusive sex or bad language .
that this side of family life is rarely depicted today in our entertainment ,
for you start fearing the worst .
and what is worse-it all comes out .
since the thought of spending precious money on a movie ticket for this cheap amateuristic homevideo is the biggest horror of all .
please do not bother with this extremely disappointing comedy !
-- but a crude and badly written one .
was completely annoying
the sandman is not the only actor wasted in this thankless vehicle .
has a supporting role and the great burt young
this awful comedy will most probably be collecting dust on the 99-cent rental section of your local video store
and wonderful moment thrown into a pot of hysterically funny moment
where it is almost refreshing to see such a 'let put on a show ' story where through thick
excellent location all over manhattan
time with one of the best muppet movie .
this movie is worse
the acting is worse ,
and the story is very weak.there is not a lot of good to say about this movie.even the fight scene are more dull than number three ,
you should try to find a cheap rental of it.it is hard to find
the most i can give best of the best :
without warning is 2/10
it was not even funny any more .
they are also pretty bad version of those clich\u00e9 .
the one in the first episode are alright but the one in the second ... awful .
because there is in fact some beautiful cinematography
dull
cheap sci-fi thriller
used to receive and decipher message from outer space
and is very poorly guarded at night ) ,
christopher lee is not only wasted ,
it is beautifully
though cinderella 's story is predictable ,
both the wicked stepmother and her dreadful cat lucifer present a formidable menace
walt disney 's cinderella is wonderful family entertainment
and stanley ends up getting messed up
this film is atrocious in every way.the wayan are funny ,
and had some incredibly funny performance along the way .
not only is the acting terrible ,
it would still be a waste of time.usually i would be inclined to write some long winded ,
detailed review about why this film is so bad ,
and it is about as unfunny as a heart attack.0/10..makes my top ten list of worst film of all time !
that makes you scared.and is not that what a horror film is supposed to do.all the actor are in the right places.michael caine is perfect as dr. robert elliott
as liz blake the call girl is fantastic.dennis franz
the first hour of the movie was boring as hell .
if we ever got to talking about how great adam curtis ' bbc docs are .
fit worse than a cheap suit.as
as biting and funny as robert altman 's m*a*s*h
unfortunately for the viewer ,
they ended up with one as unfunny and unintelligent as michael moore 's canadian bacon.the current state of us politic
pathetic and
( one of his best films ) ,
so obnoxious is none of the joke or gag or deliberately obvious reference to halliburton
that by simply referencing these issue the film would be funny and subversive .
denial and sheer stupidity
these joke insultingly simple.perhap wi would work
and are so bad ,
subtlety or satirical wickedness ,
`` it is funny 'cause
just because it is true does not make it funny .
both lancaster and ( surprisingly ) hodiak fall for scott .
santa looks.- have you ever seen a more horrible looking santa claus ?
makes a great impact in her life
great part of the success of the movie goes to the ensemble cast
is the best excuse for watching the film .
do excellent work for mr. pollak.stefan nilsson is the composer for most of the beautiful music one hears .
the acting was terrible
but the eye candy was great .
was mick jagger inspiration for the song `` brown sugar '' mick has great taste in woman for sure .
funny
paul bartel should be recognized as one of the great director of this or any era .
if you want to commit a sin and love terrible movie ,
.i only watched this delirious piece of euro-tosh in the way of alpha video 's dreadful dvd-release
considering their excellent track record ,
and do not pay attention to the ridiculous cover shown here ,
the bad print made this even slightly bearable ,
and shows some horrible over-acting .
and this can be a fun piece of nonsense
4/10
-- which i expected to be thoroughly annoying .
who apparently has a mutual hatred for carnby.it is all ridiculous ,
when the plot manages to bore you into confusion.the action scene in a movie with a plot as terrible
too bad
it is especially annoying.the first action scene
is among the worst i have ever had to witness ,
and the rest is not all that great either .
( as is the incredibly bad scientist look
just how terrible this movie is .
it is bland
and it was enjoyable and fun .
sadly
the script also was dull
that angered me most about this movie was that it wasted the talent of christopher lloyd
and elizabeth hurley 's character sadly came across as useless .
but sadly you see very little of her ,
instead of being fun ,
it came across as pointless ,
but wasted with poor execution .
1/10 bethany cox
( too bad the screenwriter did not have it ) .
you might see on a bad lsd trip ,
this is stupid !
that violence is bad ,
it is not fun ,
it is stupid ,
poorly written
even for a kid 's film ... this is bad .
and it was funny as hell and a bit surreal .
are just great as the two loser
and the whole film looks great for such a low-budget flick .
this guy is so inventive with these great story
this is a great one .
has got to be the most pointless
and ridiculous television show ever created.what
there is nothing even remotely redeeming or interesting about this show in anyway.look at the costume ,
which look like spandex gone bad.the mullet style hair
and fashion of the early 1990s look completely ridiculous these days.avoid this show at all cost !
unfortunately
then he would blend in perfectly with some of the better of newground artist .
i give it a 4/10
instead of a 7/10 ,
i really enjoyed growing up to this movie i
the movie lacks credence with the helicopter
bad
bad script ,
was very sadly disappointed ,
but the whole story was just too disappointing .
and enjoyed more often.we open on a quiet little french village
two neighboring man are told the story of two man
something meaningful other than give instruction to `` get this guy '' .4/10 .
.under no circumstance recommended for person outside romania as for the other
irritate and in the end waste their time.on the other hand this movie
i really enjoyed the first episode
the romance angle was wonderfully charming .
who are wonderful actress
and comes off as nicely dorky and sweet instead of dumb and annoying
it is terrible to see what they come up with again in indonesia .
the playback is so bad
and it is extremely annoying
like any new sitcom the first episode is not always fantastic .
the acting in this episode is not great
his acting was down right dreadful
he tries to be funny but at most fails.david schimmer- why does he over pronounce every word ?
but he became one of the funniest character in later season ,
because their comic timing and acting quality was superb ,
while mira sorvino has fun dangling three mixed-up romance ,
`` the herky-jerky editing is annoying
that a lot of takes were needed for each long speech.best was fiona shaw as the fooled spinster
the film transcends into a dark film noir
with a couple of truly excellent scene
you have got the making of a great film .
which is good.i loved big with tom hank ,
this is one of the best of the genre .
the cast performance throughout were pretty solid
was great .
it is still has some good laugh in it and some unforgettable scene like a former junkie-girl
`` pecker '' is a great comedy about the arrogance of the art scene
recommended !
oh my god this was so bad !
the story was weak - at best -
unless of course they meant to be funny .
i do not find her annoying at all ,
perfect character .
what a disappointment ! !
the movie was nothing but a bunch of really bad joke and gag over and over
almost all of hollywood 's best comedian were present .
too bad
by playing on her weakness .
he is thoroughly bad
in this beautifully edited film
than it otherwise would have been.the acting throughout is superb ,
and we have a horrible mutant of a thing
the avatar of the ai in this straight-to-dvd bomb is an annoying flash animation
this will kid is not bad ,
the film is severely awful
what lies is a not-so-positive message about rape .
it is all left to anil kapoor
by portraying a rape victim as weak and submissive .
his film are usually full of weak woman
thus we are left with a confusing message
while anil kapoor does nothing but shout .
the music is mediocre except for the title track ,
which is beautifully picturised
sonali bendre 's role is disappointing and pointless .
what could have been a great movie
to remember ends up being an awful mish-mash
`` enter the fat dragon '' is one of the funniest martial art movie
there is a great showdown near the end of the movie
really enjoyed watching
excellent fight scene and a lot of laugh .
a rare classic sammo hung film i highly recommend for all
8.5/10 !
this film is quite simply one of the worst film ever made
because the film was so terrible
and thus leads to an encounter with the russian mafia and dodgy accent and stupid
very stupid plot twists/device .
it is not funny .
and was funny .
also very funny was the send up of the bloke in the movie
this movie is damian szifr\u00f3n 's second immersion in movie after his excellent character study in `` el fondo del mar '' .
so he restores on the movie a great direction and an overall illiantly polished script
perfectly to the actor and vice versa .
the best part were with zero and stanley ,
who made a great team together.although hole is a disney movie ,
the message
if you do not like the message
unfortunately
unusually beautiful and very feminine
his pant fit poorly
foolishly allows this wonderful young lady to slip from his grasp .
you just know this beautiful and unusual girl will be involved with another
`` before sunrise '' is a beautiful movie .
two of the best american actor
as character did a really bad job of introducing seemingly random plot change .
please run them through with a dull butter knife .
excellent p.o.w .
and the great escape
sets the basis pretty solidly :
at the party about the ice in the refrigerator is taken from that great flemish movie `` de witte
was incredible .
but it is an incredible document of this country darkest hour .
nineteen eighty-four happen to be one of those rare case .
the book was great .
it is easily the worst film i
this was severely disappointing .
boring
everything about this film was terrible .
had a pretty good cast and i find it impossible to make such a great cast into the biggest disaster to the gangster film genre ever .
the sound track was like one of a very bad slap stick comedy .
and it is rarely showed .
the ending went to be perfect .
too bad hes too old for me though .
but there are many little `` stupid '' thing for the show such
its kind of stupid .
plus the cat starts to really get lame ,
the joke began just to get stupid ,
it was so lame .
at some part it was funny ,
bad acting and bizarre philosophy aside ,
( part 2 is on the entrail of a beautiful woman dvd ) ;
or really really poor character writing ?
where do we start with this little gem ?
if that was not laughable enough ,
bad .
i am sure there is worse ,
the only gem was ... you guessed it ... . mike brady !
because he was the best in the bunch.as for horror ?
the entire rising action could have been avoided with a salt shaker or two .
only watch this film in a mst3k type environment ,
and loved it !
judd hirsch and scott cohen are great as father and son .
*i loved this film .
i also enjoyed the projection of person on a back screen .
and leo 's is in the foreground.one of the best use of this
ernst-hugo j\u00e4reg\u00e5rd is great as leo 's uncle .
this humor makes the plotline of absurd anal retentiveness of train conductor against the terrible backdrop of ww2 and all the chaos ,
that some person are truly oblivious to the awful thing happening around them .
brilliant film of a utal true story .
as he examines this dysfunctional family ,
because they are poor .
as the grandmother is excellent .
this was an excellent picture thank to peter sollett .
then i have to give it a low score 3/10.but
some suspense until `` the fight '' is over.add an innocent beautiful girlfriend
that arrives at the worst possible time and other standard horror element ,
* stupid special effect - a modern version of `` plan 9 from outer space '' -type bad
* some bad acting
- the main character sometime acts badly
* the sound is at time very cheap.i kept thinking
fitfully funny and memorable for mr. chong 's literal roach-smoking scene :
then with perfect aplomb and not skipping a beat ,
that the lackadaisical duo are way obnoxious and less than relatable .
the movie is probably a perfect fit for baked frat os or those viewer
whether it is good or bad .
and why oh why did they hire such lousy actor
it is a good production but a bad movie .
too bad actually.and eel ?
the acting is uniformly terrible ,
film i found this very boring .
but they were just obvious cgi.the acting is poor and no doubt brad pitt was cast just to attract the lady .
the lush forest and gentle landscape only make the horror more horrible .
but also beautifully shot thank to cinematographer vilmos zsigmond .
the plot itself is somewhat poor
cinematography and acting earn it a well deserved 7/10 .
but this is not one of van damme 's best .
i first saw this delightful little satiric gem 25 year ago at the age of 16
to watch it again a wasted one .
that is both ruefully funny and a perfect thumbnail portrait of hearteaking loneliness .
- has anyone ever made the look and sound of devotion so perfectly and nakedly honest ?
sadly
if he does not marry the dowdy and boring susan johnson
that inevitably won the oscar for that year 's best song .
unfortunately
i really enjoyed this movie .
cheap laugh but great value
we follow an intricate interplay among the member and lover of the housemate and the unavoidable effect of ashraf 's very conservative family .
to be disappointed with the ending.the soundtrack for `` ha buah '' is viant
and the visual are both beautiful and stark \u0096 i.e .
and appreciate world cinema at its best .
spirit was a great movie to watch .
so very bad - his performance in `` the departed '' was terrible and ruined the movie for me
the whole score was terrible ...
and poorly executed ;
and the lyric were terrible .
every time one of the lame song came on ,
too bad
it turned out mediocre though .
but a great many religious matter accepted `` on faith '' fail
this sounds like a great idea .
some part of the movie were meant to be incredible ,
this was a shallow movie with weak acting
a predictable plot line and character
annoying
and still is a great show .
and person begin to blame him for the death .
fay wray was terrible
this is excellent
was generally very bad ,
that the person should not be considered sympathetic
how unsympathetic his wife was ,
the best thing
chiba punch and kicks the living sushi out of a whole bunch of bad guy ;
toshiro mifune and chow yun fat could not pull this off for the length of an entire feature film ,
once in a while.the movie is further messed up by an entirely gratuitous
and badly done introductory sequence
so they got some poor dope with an entirely different and smoother voice and dialect
as amazing as chiba 's character is supposed to be does it ,
it is not all bad :
until she spilled her little secret ... and a whole lot of pointless death and conflict would have been avoided . )
and he is still fun to watch .
the family would be dysfunctional .
grant of course perfectly blends the comedic and dramatic element
their shenanigan make for a solid ninety minute of entertainment
7/10 .
it was one of the greatest film ever ,
gave it 9/10 star .
it was like bad outtake from part one or something.i love walken ,
he is one of the funniest person on earth.this movie will make you like the first one a little less ,
it is better than this crap.the last scene of the movie with the lightning was one of the most beautiful thing
if you can not stomach the first part.1/10 star -
this was awful !
the producer has produced a short film of excellent quality
after watching some of hbo 's great stuff -
ridiculous .
but that nobody else cares about ... unfortunately ,
the script is written poorly
mediocre at best .
it is shallow and extremely predictable .
considering the poorly written ,
he is horrible .
the acting is bad ,
as if person 's thought were some sort of an annoying radio channel ,
not because i thought the show was bad ,
but because i was very disappointed .
mediocre at best .
this movie was so bad
after it mercifully ended all i could do is laugh at how ridiculously bad it really was .
that it is bad
( and not `` bad good
and i just experienced an incredible letdown the second time
it is a total waste of time
spectacularly bad acting
but the message of this film is so unsubtle
and make everyone else laugh at such a ridiculous waste of money .
so bad
jame sbardellati 's `` deathstalker '' of 1983 is certainly one of the most awful production
the acting is terrible ,
but it is the bad acting ,
the film has many great
some of my favorite scene include :
he feeds that little creature human eyeball and finger ... . there are many other unintentionally funny
and great scene .
the acting is terrible
and although i described this movie as 'unintentionally funny ' ,
`` deathstalker '' is an incredibly awful movie ,
a great suspense movie with terrific slow camera-work
their bodies.there is not much dialog in the first 20 minute and no bad language
it is still very good suspense and fun to watch all the way through
first of all orca in my opinion was a bad movie ,
not terrible but definitely not good ,
average at best.the plot is basically a male killer whale
the direction of this film is poor
and not recommended for more sensitive person .
.overall this movie was bad/poor in my opinion ,
3.5/10
( but for its concept possibly a 5/10 )
it seems to be from a poor print
where the only dentist has traded his supply of novocaine for a case of cheap whiskey ,
but the continuity is infinitely worse .
the poor schmuck return home from tibet
( and who can blame him ? )
( best guess .
to get any mst3k type laugh out of it .
if you loved jesus is magic ,
her delivery is precise and oh so funny .
it stands as one of the first great science fiction spectacle .
in a subtle way
.the last half hour of the film is an incredible sight ,
sci-fi would become identified with cheaply made b-movie
massey plays a great `` doctor
the chinese culture itself is one of the most interesting facet of this movie.beyond the fascinating characteristic of the local
all set against the backdrop of a village bathhouse.the family 's story move from estrangemant to understanding
it is amazing this was rated `` pg
who loved falk in tv 's `` columbo ''
this movie was so poorly written
it is too far fetched and at some points- ridiculous .
and be disappointed ,
( which i might add are poorly done )
and the music was very disappointing
( 10 being excellent ,
1 being horrible )
her acting was laughable .
the worst thing about this movie is definitely the directing
that was incredibly stupid ,
that was pretty ridiculous to .
a disappointing movie ,
almost any episode of desmond morris ' `` the human animal '' or david suzuki 's `` the nature of thing '' could have bested the material presented .
avoid this film at all cost .
i suggest the beautifully photographed `` india :
the film did best what storytelling should do ,
because its great and bold achievement in storytelling comes at the price of its own success .
that i loved it .
i loved it not only for its fascinating insight into the deluded mind of the playboy
it is just funny .
it is all hilarious and ridiculous stuff ,
that everything will work out for the best ,
van meter is perhaps the best of the bunch here with a performance
he takes the utmost ridiculous plot twist
ms. bacall was a beautiful woman ,
and away the best scene in the film .
although jasper hadley 's weariness at the disappointing behavior of his two child is illiantly portrayed by robert keith .
but a boring sex movie .
a very bad movie ,
to be avoided by any serious horror fan .
awful acting and annoying music .
arm and the man is excellent comedic theater
and is definitely one of shaw 's best work .
and sit neatly in between the fun but messy first chapter and the terrific second in term of quality and general entertainment .
it is a beautifully rounded performance filled with social conscience and a touching edge of personal feeling .
and sometimes a bit weak
the predictable moment are wrought with aplomb
the second best of them and well worth a watch for enthusiast of such thing .
i was disappointed to find
a fun time had by all
definitely not the perfect little life
the real life complete with real character each with strength and weaknesses just like real person in our life and ourselves.the dynamic of all of these life ,
and be carried away into the simple and beautiful life .
not be disappointed .
the acting started out extremely bad
and it is refreshing to see a movie like this stray away from the same old `` disaster formula '' movie of this genre seems to have been stuck in for 30 years.while this movie had a very weird mix of fx and acting quality
is no worse than the us meat trade or the scottish haggis cull ) ,
that gets modern art a bad name .
everyone might have had a lot more fun
although utilizing the talent of a superb cast ,
the movie fails dismally on the credibility score .
that gable and crawford had somehow become involved in a `` message picture . ''
the movie has enjoyed something of a revival on tv .
the plot of this strange cargo flows along predictable
incredible in his role as the ring-leading `` killer '' .
( in reference to another review here-none other than orson welle evoked mickey rooney 's name as the greatest movie actor
) this is a great film
another rave of the mick 's intense and sympathetic performance.perhap it is the start of a groundswell of a appreciation for some truly superior cinematic performance .
predictable
and tedious .
to the great classic
best known for writing the book wiseguy ,
to speak at the funeral of the slain child
is a subtle employmant of composure and innuendo .
i give dark remains a perfect ten rating
best known for the zat\u00f4ichi film ,
was everything ford loved ,
focusing us upon the inner conflict of these people.lead man victor mclaglen fit perfectly within this character and this manner of filming him .
whom there are no weak link .
that it is merely lame
boring ,
it is not even worth beginning to talk about what was bad ,
and stop spilling out trash like this in a bad tradition from escape from l.a. to ghost of mars.get drunk instead .
this is not the best
nor the second best .
which contain the same level of levity and fun.i like this very much ,
and enjoy it still today.it rate a 7.6/10 from ... the fiend : .
this is by far one of the most pointless .
this was a totally pointless show in the first place ,
`` that movie was so stupid '' )
but i am still not going to pet them.plot was indeed predictable .
bad guy were so bad ,
telling me forcefully how wonderful
this is an excellent
it is by far the best i
dakota fanning is an amazing young actress .
the relationship between washington and fanning is wonderfully written and portrayed ,
mickey rourke are great as always .
i would have loved to see more of both of them .
that is always great in nightmare movie
the visual effect were great
but the back story was excellent .
basically freddy 's story comes full circle in this.i have read bad review for this but i actually enjoyed this despite its many flaw :
( 8/10 )
( 7/10 )
( 7/10 )
( 7/10 )
( 6/10 )
( 3/10 )
( 7/10 )
cinderella is a beautiful film
with beautiful song of course .
it is one of the best film of the 1950's.i
all the character are portrayed amazingly .
the mice are funny and sweet too.i think
it is for the best .
anyone could resist it deep down.i give it a 8/10 .
it is the best disney film .
looked literally horrible ,
and not another cheap
another stupid comedy
maybe being stupid is a way
had an extremely funny television show'in living colour '
now we have stupidity substituting for humour and gross out gag
person are not as stupid as those portrayed in 'little man '
as a master criminal 'little man ' is the stupidest on planet earth .
offers the best line :
this is far too stupid to be even remotely funny .
as to how bad this film is damon wayan appeared on jay leno the other night
even mention this dreadful movie .
you will be disappointed ,
it is also very poorly made ,
surprisingly so considering it came from mgm .
it is an unsatisfying mess
it would be best to disregard any positive review
but this one makes the worst mistake a low budget flick can make :
unfortunately
it is an indication of how untalented the rest of the cast is. # 2- how can film maker be so stupid
that the guests/victim stay in is this great big north american wood frame edwardian thing .
it is probably best to have more than one character with an irish accent
( and that was a really really really bad irish accent . )
this would not have been so bad
too bad .
he could have had some fun with it .
that is funny ,
it is actually funny after awhile .
who were annoying :
played by the equally annoying gillian leigh
if it is more amusing or pathetic
hopefully they will get the message :
avoid this fate !
you will find something redeeming in this flick ,
out cave 's performance is only the start of lengthy super boring performance
what does the filmmaker really think to insult the audience
the film is a perfect torture
if you ever decided to waste your money on this film ,
the last great gold rush
or if they simply looked bad .
one notorious bad man from tombstone
the bad man left like a lamb but protested
i was in no way disappointed in the lack of action ,
instead i enjoyed this game ,
and really carries this confident and talented character.7/10
this has to be the worst film i
in fact its so bad
it was so bad a film
that are funny ,
i mean reading the back i expected it to be bad :
it might be funny .
buy `bad taste '
and is funny ,
if there is a worse movie out there ,
the story was awful ,
schumacher weakens the storyline and character development by injecting an abundance of clich\u00e9s and eye-rolling one-liner .
and poor little sparkle has to decide what kind of future
a big plus is that randb great curtis mayfield wrote the atmospheric song
a real winner.the solid cast does its best under the contrived circumstance .
the best work comes from mary alice in a relatively silent turn as the girl ' patient mother and a pre- '' fame '' irene cara
it is not a terrible movie ,
( good or bad )
which make don bluth on a bad day look like leonardo davinci ?
( already a poor choice ! )
domestic import was a great movie .
the acting was great .
( and amazing ! ) .
that creates a thrilling backdrop for the illiant story and great actor to play with .
unfortunately she is not graced the screen since .
the real shame of `` the gathering '' is not in the bad acting ,
the real shame is that it was far worse than the series it begun ,
sadly
the `` babylon 5 '' pilot movie has an incredibly dull story
i was really disappointed
their role are rather stupid.well you might think
that this movie was by far the worst film ever made ,
and everything from the car to the clothe is perfectly retro .
sonic cuff link and a serum gun are the most fun to play around with ,
and it fails .
this game is the best jame bond experience so far .
generally that japanese movie has not got illiant and acting.yet in moonchild 's all cast is simply wonderful and got into it
this movie has some similarity with excellent vampire movie interwiew with the vampire which is also played by the most beautiful ( not handsome
beautiful ) actor of american cinema
and i recommend this to everyone who likes vampire-action-sci-fiction and romance film 8/10
he has been chided for calling himself one of the best working director .
i can not blame him for being arrogant
when he has made such great film .
it is too bad
this film would seem as great as any of von trier 's other film ) .
europa is a great film
the perfect time to watch
this movie is ridiculous !
and was still the perfect `` lili '' )
and its just as much fun the second time
i hate to say bad thing about an amateur production ,
if you make a bad movie
it is pretty funny
if you are willing to poke fun at it .
then it goes from a good film to a great one.few person
as flynn could and this film is a perfect example of that .
this was flynn 's favorite role and i believe that .
corbett 's family is fun to watch
and yelling can get a little too loud and annoying
what you see on screen is a bad joke at best
he is been a fan of all his life.i have seen several bad film over the year ,
ramgopal varma ki aag is actually a mockery of that timeless gem
too-long-too-boring
much-loved moment from sholay are parodied by varma
it is a pretty bad effort even as a stand-alone film .
partner in this terrible crime of inging this ridiculous film to screen are the film 's mostly dead-as-wood actor .
and looks embarrassed to be delivering some of the stupidest line in his illustrious career .
but the film 's weakest link
nisha kothari is not only the worst actress in this country ,
but possibly the worst actress in this whole wide world
she gives the word annoying a whole new meaning ,
he is made this sholay bhature out of such a much-loved classic .
ramgopal varma ki aag is his worst career decision ever ,
elephant walk was a thoroughly dull film
the dialog is pretty dull
the film is a sluggish mess .
-- a great taylor film indeed !
it is amazing how casting and decent direction can do so much .
that pokes fun at everything french
and what a gem marcel herrand is as the megalomanous and lust-driven king louis xv !
so many beautiful woman in one film makes me wish
superb narration
that counts a great deal on your liking the character ,
is it just me or did most of the young male look an awful lot alike ?
i gave this a 2/10
tintin was one of my favorite hero as a kid .
my favorite one was `` the red sea shark ''
was very moving.a great documentary of a very talented and well-loved artist .
a great example of someone
`` amazing grace '' has a languid feel
this is my favorite of the older tom and jerry cartoon from the early 40 's .
and showcases the wonderful detailed animation of the early cartoon .
but more subtle and aimed at anyone
it also contains some quite funny bit .
because with the dubbing half the great work of the actor gets lost .
is particularly hard to duplicate by a dubber.my favorite movie
making a mess of it in the here and now .
except maybe it is not a good thing to mess with witch even apprentice one like angela lansbury
she graced many a film in the united kingdom as one of their best loved music hall performer .
and left the viewer with a suffocatingly dull film .
the film fails to entertain .
i really enjoyed this movie and its message ,
with heartwarming and funny and sad scene
there are incredible dramas going on everywhere ,
it left a bad taste
i mean he was not weak ,
the storyteller tried to forcefully ing across a message like `` violence
you have just done your best
was her work with daniel and the music so great
which is amazing enough ,
is one of the best picture ever made .
it is so pure and beautiful .
the film is not perfect .
a comment called the movie predictable and cheesy with terrible dialog .
so i wasted seven dollar for this crap movie .
it had to be one of the worst movie i
were stupid .
movie should never be this predictable .
disney movie are not even this predictable.i am gon na complete my rant
this was a terrible movie .
it was just bad .
how lovely that would 've been.do not waste your time or money .
the whole mise-en-scene of the film was very poor .
the dialogue sounds totally scripted and dull most of the time .
and are resolved poorly .
and it was funny.i watch a comedy
i watched totally dysfunctional person grow into caring
it will remain on my list of `` favorite ... ..must watch for the holiday season '' .
if you just want to have a fun 90 minute
the last phaoroh ings out the worst in movie making ?
whatever attraction the woman had for the greatest roman of them all
this movie is as bad as any italian `` sandal and toga '' extravaganza of the 50 's .
to be dull and boring.all the action scene were stupid.the
do not waste your time.stick to tremor
it has one of the best horror cast outside of the lugosi-karloff-chaney circle :
a beautiful girl
because of a ho-hum resolution of the plot and some embarrassingly bad dialog for dwight frye .
there is an excellent reason
and was perilously boring .
the better.the movie is not all bad ... just mostly .
kevin spacey is almost always enjoyable as well
that fails to keep anyone awake .
it also fails to make anyone give a good crap about any of the character .
t 's just plain boring .
a great combination of early animation + real actor technique which ,
but sadly is not .
it is not the best of the great cg kung fu flick but its pretty good .
the special effect were incredible !
the acting is superb ,
ekin cheng makes an excellent protagonist
the music is also excellent .
'beautiful
at best.i would like to disagree.as a other of a sibling
who has a similar dysfunction ,
and what is worse ,
and who was to blame .
but it takes a great deal of personal anguish
behind bedroom door is one of the few i have come across with those attributes.the new girl next door scam on the neighbor 's human nature and weaknesses
chelsea blue is a very talented and extremely beautiful actress .
that is too bad .
and not a bad actress .
which is best known here in america as ghosthouse .
but toward the end it became a senseless mess .
and ross both seem like they are having fun
and knef is great as the evil witch .
he is not bad in his role ,
the film seems somewhat dull
and the witch lair itself is vacan not and cheaply designed with unfinished lumber .
are so bad
kobayashi\u00a1\u00a6s effort finally fails ,
ms erika eleniak is my favorite blonde girl ever ,
if it was a bad movie or a good movie ,
it works primarily because we like simon pegg despite his bad behavior .
of sitting on the couch watching movies.7/10
the cast member all did a great job with their respective role .
i really enjoyed seeing reese witherspoon at such a young age ,
who did a fantastic job with his role .
the plot is boring and disjointed
and the children.the movie is filled with stupid director 's choice .
stupid stupid stupid.please do not waste your time hoping
if you are into bad early 70s genre
from the atrocious wooden acting to the dull
this is a disaster of a film.the plot is predictable ,
from a boring
unexceptional beginning to a pathetic and bleak ending ,
every single presence in this film is wasted ,
this horrendously bad ever managed to be rated above a 5
avoid it at all cost .
it was always fun and always funny .
it is always entertaining.aardman animation shows great imagination in the character
so that some viewer will not find it stale and boring .
but about the message .
the most beautiful thing in this movie is the cinematography .
the wood and the river all look very beautiful .
but _atlantis_ represents one of the worse film in that motif .
the character are weak .
that each member trots out seems stock and awkward at best .
while the character were thin at best ,
the best part about _atlantis_ was the voice talent .
funny line
the character animation has not been this bad for disney since the minimalism
and _atlantis_ obviously lacks that.i can not begin to go into all the logic gap
the plot was bad .
the script and the animation is peppered with annoying sloppiness .
it must be the spirit of the crystal beaming message to the surface .
when the cataclysm of stupidity set in -- but any of it **hardly** qualifies her father for deification ! !
atlantis is no longer a weak power ,
and avoided so much badness.4/10
i too was disappointed by the effect ,
seeing just to hear jamie hall 's truly great musical score .
sure the special effect were technically amazing
that went on forever and signified nothing.i was also disappointed with the little plot
that this movie was `` boring ''
and the beautiful scenery was marred by the black and white footage .
it absolutely incredible for it is time !
climbing up a solid sheet of rock
it was a wonderful film with some truly amazing shot and an incredible story .
except for eddie murphy 's great musical and dramatic performance
those were easily the best song and best performance in the film .
rambling mess
that was neither realistic nor fantastic enough
it was also visually dull
-- except for eddie murphy 's amazing performance --
it right up there with grease 2. big disappointment
unfortunately
and unfortunately it is the character
which cheapen the whole thing .
but this is not a good adaptation of the great anthony shaffer play .
this movie is a great picture
all the clever noir point in the screenplay the end is by far too easy .
( an obvious reference and definitely not a noir film )
unfortunately it stays absurd the whole time with no general narrative
than you might think with some good cinematography by future great vilmos zsigmond .
that point-my ain was starting to atrophy.avoid* / ****
beautifully made with a wonderful performance from gretchen moll capturing such a stainless plain happiness in her work ,
and the recreation of the little movie and the photographs are perfectly made and often hilarious .
some great costume too .
she plans a total guerrilla war and recruit bad girl nichole hiltz as her weapon of choice .
( the handsome but dull stephan jenkin ,
but the performance is kind of wasted in this movie ,
the nice couple ; the `` funny '' guy ; the tough
it all involves some stupid wooden statue
after a great opening scene
-- all bad horror movie do
the acting is bad
and the killing are stupid and/or unimaginative .
my favorite scene is when two person are supposedly having sex and the statue knocks the guy off the bed to show
a real bad
stupid incoherent horror film .
avoid at all cost .
now it still deserves inclusion to honor a great director and a great cinematic conservator of spanish culture ,
we have to pick and choose favorite and high point among similar film
i would choose saura 's 1995 flamenco as his most unique and potent cultural document ,
isaac alb\u00e9niz was a great contributor to the externalization of spanish musical culture
which are a kind of beautiful standardization of spanish rhythms and melody
compared to the echt spanishness of pure flamenco .
saura 's flamenco is an unstoppably intense ethnic mix of music
in his 1995 flamenco he dropped any pretense of a story
the beginning and ending of sequence in flamenco are often rough
in flamenco more than any of saura 's other musical film
and perhaps best so
in flamenco music
the fundamental element is the unaccompanied voice ,
but nothing quite equals its raw raucous unique ugly-beautiful cry
if you love saura 's flamenco ,
but you will be a bit disappointed .
some of the great voice and dancing and music are there .
this is probably my favorite movie of all time .
it is perfection in its storytelling .
how bad the british film industry is at the moment .
the aussie movie industry was pretty bad at the moment
but unfortunately the british industry is even worse.this movie is so bad i would not even bother renting it from the weekly section.do yourself a favour
that maddox distributes to the student are awfully lame .
than it would be otherwise.the story is so poor and charlotte 's character dies in such a foolish way ,
although the blame should be put on the poor script.this movie reminds me of rush hour 2 where zhang ziyi dies in absurd way
it is an amusing short with a fun musical act and a lot of wackiness .
the dialog is funny and often unexpected ,
and from the first line to the last everything just seems to flow wonderfully .
who has apparently led a horrible life .
my favorite character was tom
highly recommended for anyone
it is meant to be enjoyed with the least amount of effort on your ain 's part .
to see what i am missing.funnier than most of today 's sitcom
this movie is an utter waste of time ,
the plot is awful ,
the dialogue is awful.the acting is ok ,
are both badly done ,
or at most mediocre.i hope you read this
and do not waste time on this movie
unless you are curious to see an entirely awful movie .
alexander fu-sheng 's proto-jackie chan comedy antic are fun to watch ,
shaolin temple is an enjoyable low-budget kung fu movie .
8/10.misc note :
poorly dubbed ,
terrible story
poor acting and no humour at all
but even they will not be amused by this terrible film
there is one great moment in *surviving christmas*
jame gandolfini cracks a shovel over ben affleck 's stupid head.this movie serves as yet another unfortunate example of jame gandolfini
proving what a great actor he is whilst simultaneously besmirching his career
the message in this movie are as twisted and illogical as its dry-mouthed storyline .
that he was supposedly buying the valco family to avoid.which begs the question :
proving their mettle amongst this mess .
that affleck is a bad actor ,
a very weak script
little character development and overall poor acting keep this one from rising above being anything other than a mediocre slasher flick with the novelty
to hold your interest.4/10 ,
and really enjoyed it ,
and having their emotion torn at the seams- recommended it .
sickeningly dull .
if not a little bland and twee ,
and poorly produced.i am not going to go into huge detail about the storyline ;
it uses anthropomorphic rabbit to put the message across .
not because i am a horrible sadistic person ,
annoying
dull and generally quite rude
even that was a terrible anticlimax.if i were to praise it in any way ,
but the message it is trying to put forth
the musical score was not bad
this film is pretty poor .
it is not `` torque '' bad ,
so i have given it a 2/10.hope this helps .
this television reunion of two of the most beloved character in sitcom history started off badly -
meet in new york after a long estrangement
the supporting cast is instantly forgettable
the film is a travesty and an insult to a classic .
unsuccessful attempt to update the film noir genre ,
but it fails to come to any kind of a boil .
i wasted my time and gave this show a chance .
this has to be one of the worst new show .
the acting is poor
is not funny
simply awful slasher
has beautiful wealthy college student spending spring eak in a florida condo
which could not even manufacture a few cheap thrill ,
there is not one single positive to derive from this clich\u00e9d and dull exercise with the pretty cast making little effort
both in the worst sense of the word .
( the dark angel/bike messenger )
beautiful
the filmmaker insult the viewer 's intelligence from one end to the other and obviously could not care less
`` realized '' with badly-crafted hand puppet and stuffed toy ;
the `` set '' were utterly laughable .
who are so bad
what a great idea
only to lose it is speed due to bad dialoge
poor editing and a half-written story .
it would have been a great movie
this movie grabbed me with the incredible opening sequence
where he is the worst student .
the absence of some good relieving and trademark columbo humor also does not exactly make this a good or enjoyable watch.in all honety ,
the movie does not begin too bad
it is such a stupid written kidnap-thriller with a story
it would had been an extremely bad and ridicule cheap movie i can tell you.an odd columbo entry ,
which could be described as a failed experiment to divert from the usual formula.4/10
this only made sense in fifty hollywood.there is a really stupid scene
that madison tame fleming is so predictable
the total lack of suspense will bore you.total waste of time .
even the scenery 's kinda dull .
that grey owl is best character of pierce brosnan ever performed .
if he had better nor worse role ,
because it was mediocre and dull enough
that i was soon near tear over the $ 3.99 i had wasted at blockbuster .
joanna pacula 's acting and her awfully rendered slavic accent are sufficiently terrible
she is really quite awful .
with the extra walking mechanically about in their sunday best .
do not rent this terrible movie .
this film is predictable ;
it is more predictable then a vinnie testaverdi pass ,
but the story is lame .
named darkwolf.a nicely done and excellent underrated animated fantasy epic
it is ralph bakshi 's second best movie only with `` american pop '' being number one and `` heavy traffic ''
the artwork is designed by famed artist frank farzetta and the animation has good coloring and there is also a hottie for the guys.i highly recommend this movie to fantasy and animation lover everywhere especially the new 2-disc limited edition dvd from blue underground.also recommended : `` the black cauldron ''
`` fantastic planet ''
this shot-on-digital full moon release is stupid
has terrible acting and sound and the ( los )
angeles national forest is a poor substitute for italy .
kenyon 's ridiculous facial expression and awkward line delivery must be seen to be believed .
at least he is not boring like most of the rest of the cast .
the acting of real hero is portrayed very badly .
the fighting scene are stupidily performed .
the emotion they protray is terrible ,
but it fails to show .
are the paki really bad at aiming
or the director made them look stupid ?
it is poorly directed .
this film was terrible .
as i have seen worse ,
boring repetitive narration
flashback and merged image etc - none of which made a dull film
the story was badly written and extremely pretentious and the direction was equally poor
but it really was a waste of time
this is pretty funny .
great work ... i laughed every minute of the movie ...
great student bodies-styled gag ... too bad this is not on video ...
in a very subdued and unconvincing story resolution.this film has a great cast
( morgan in particular is one of my favorite ) and a great director ,
and seems pointless at time .
but i was ultimately disappointed .
the second film still has a great deal of romanticism and a lot of wonderful action sequence
as the throw-caution-to-the-wind attitude of the original.one of the most enjoyable aspect of this film is the growth
the mr. arlington character could have worked as a great movie villain ,
and it is still a great movie.like the first film ,
`` tarzan and his mate '' has amazing action scene
wonderful wildlife footage
and one of the screen 's all-time greatest romance .
i expected solid acting
sadly
'sixteen year of alcohol ' start off interestingly with some beautiful location shot in scotland ,
unfortunately
the lead character are so unsympathetic
and are so badly acted -
to make matter worse
and to be quite honest annoying .
sometimes pointless scene .
.not my thing1.5/10
a complete waste of timehalla bol is a complete waste of time .
the script and dialogue are poorly written ,
that made rdb connect with its audience_great script
good direction and a powerful social message
when there was a downturn in movie quality and bad movie like divyashakti and phool aur kaante became big hit ,
that he wants to give a social message in every movie
and leave the social message to the rakeysh mehras and aamir khans.even
that this is funny .
how bad this film is .
it does not even fit into the `` so bad -
everyone concerned will go to hell for this criminal waste of money.i
`` the dentist '' is a solid film !
that my friend ... ..is damn good acting.a nice solid cast of supporting actor round out this gem of a film .
excellent direction
and effective pacing will keep you entertained throughout the movie run.highly recommended !
the always painfully bad michelle forbe had a starring role.one poster here
another called it the worst movie ever .
i loved the nuanced
this was one of the few truly funny movie i have seen .
great
that gets annoying fast .
but not as annoying as the two girl
who are watching the movie within a movie.as a horror film this one fails ,
trying to impart a message
is the worst kind of slasher :
to present all this as bad
puerto rico is a beautiful and friendly country ,
** they recently won the `` copper wing award '' for best director in the world cinema competition at the 2006 phoenix film festival .
the cgi ship are fantastic ,
the film 's first half is driven by the excellent performance of dutton as reverend willie taylor and evenly spreads the storyline between the family .
through and the black family is completely forgotten in a dull
and downright awful 2nd half .
4/10 .
pathetic !
... just look at the poor robert webber character
( great performance ,
( the fundamental difference between this flick and the far more fantastic
and all bad guy do not so
that it tries to be more than just fun .
but the political comment is rather lame and uninspired .
the use of `` clin d'oeil '' and `` clich\u00e9s '' based on our favorite organized crime movie .
sure it is not perfect ,
that is why i rated this movie 9/10 .
to rekindle the old flame
as it was to make a classic noir .
rescues the beautiful rita hayworth from three mugger in central park .
is a good noir thriller ,
showing rita at her glamorous best
the final shoot out in the hall of mirror is beautifully staged ,
and is wonderfully grateful for what they have got .
if this show is trying to show what a lousy welfare system exists in the us
the revelation of janitor peterson as the bad guy of this piece comes under somewhat gruesome circumstance
occasionally funny ... and unfortunately timeless .
this is the worst movie i have seen since `` i know
that nothing but frustration and disappointment await you should you choose to go see this .
sadly outweighed by really bad writing.what
could have been a fun
worse ,
this lead to the worst possible result in a slasher film :
that he had arrived to start picking off the vacuous at far earlier.the real shame of this poor characterization
surprisingly
is short of such moment.7eventy 5ive can hardly be recommended ,
as its familiar premise and few thrill can not outweigh the bad taste left behind by a story
because his fund have dried up .
playing the 2-timing wife overact something terrible .
even though she overact badly ,
`` a total waste of time '' just throw in a few explosion ,
no one can save poor robert .
that man simply can not help themselves from inflicting terrible act of violence .
because i loved the first movie .
terrible special effect and jon bon jovi as the least convincing vampire hunter of all time .
it is not even comically bad.what we end up with is a dull
uninvolving film with a terrible script and indefinsibly bad and clich\u00e9d acting .
it just reeks of low budget.avoid like the bubonic plague .
waqt is a perfect
the oth unfortunately has lost its actual taste thank
and disappointing about waqt is that it comes from a director
he just fails to induce life in the entire packaging of waqt
waqt does have a sensible storyline with a social message
but he is disappointed .
aditya is still at his blithe best leading a carefree life.the endurance limit finally collapses
the director has wasted too much waqt on unnecessary elemants .
is not bad
but is not redeeming either .
however akshay kumar 's taandav dance is simply ridiculous .
his deadpan expression are perfectly complimanted with boman 's over-the-top histrionic.shefali shah is convincing in the mother 's role .
and the threat of superbug
recommended
7/10 .
the best show i have seen in age damn those person
scary movie 3 is not as funny as its predecessor
but its still has its funny moment .
the first one was { imo } one of the funniest film i have ever seen .
but still quite funny .
the third one is mildly enjoyable but its nothing special .
that are funny
the lame one usually involve anthony anderson
because he is not funny .
anna faris gives a funny performance
as he actually was not so bad .
and she gives a pretty funny performance .
jenny mccarthy and pamela anderson probably had the funniest scene out of all the cameo .
and that scene turns out to be on of the more enjoyable one in the film .
its pointless to really analyze a straight comedy as the main thing
if its funny or not .
i found it a bit disappointing as the pg-13 rating kind of weaken it
but it can still be enjoyed .
rating 6.3/10
who she likes but never told him she loved him .
and she was unable to avoid an accident
excellent comedy starred by dudley moore
when he met nice and poor linda marolla
he only enjoyed himself drinking hard
and having fun with prostitute .
and does a great job in the movie
but still the special effect were just to great a temptation .
which was stupid and horrible ... first of all ,
i know it sounds funny
great
even the earthquake was pretty poor .
pathetic .
and the l.a. set was ridiculously graphically created .
and donaldson is always great .
or was it that `` stripe '' is simply a bad movie .
the verdict is in and `` stripe '' is a bad movie.now ,
but its still a bad movie.why is it bad ?
but it is just not that funny .
bill murray is a great comedian
so if you do not find that character funny
you are not going to find most of what little comedy there is in `` stripe '' funny either .
this movie is just great .
perfectly into the role of the well trained mountain-rescue guy gabe walker .
together with him michael rooker makes a great appearance as hal tucker .
one of the best performance i have seen of him as a villain.and the fact
that 75 % of the movie takes place at a mountain with a whole lot of bad guy
brilliant movie !
this will not likely be voted best comedy of the year
brosnan is excellent in this role ,
he was wasted in ) .
greg kinnear is also excellent as brosnan 's straight man .
funny moment occur
are some funny moment both with fetchit and the taffy
and some of the sound effect used are very funny .
this film in part paved the way for the excellent 1930-31 `` our gang '' films.3/10 .
despite the poor script ,
this is a very bad western mainly
that is known about this mysterious 'bad man
the script is horrible ;
and lousy acting .
this is a horrible movie .
i make a point out of watching bad movie frequently ,
and the sci-fi channel original movie tend to be one of the best source for these movie
i am sure you can imagine my disappointment
there are some funny moment
that a major disappointment.if i was rating
though her prediction are rarely validated.credit is also due to the filmmaker for eathing life into the setting .
but this is quite possibly the worst film i
when he wrote this god-awful script ?
avoid this film at all cost
the film is a fun trip on an ocean liner on its way to san juan
the country was living.the beautiful eleanor powell
is seen at her best in some musical number
as he pursues the beautiful ms. powell on the ship
he was a funny man .
also virginia grey is seen as a fun girl
the amazing buddy rich ,
the acting is superb
cybill shepherd was given great review for her role ,
whose picture-perfect marriage comes to a shattering halt
( this is where the fun begins
the music is great
you wont be disappointed
very funny and sweet !
and love and certain they are perfect for each other
but it is not funny at all .
unfortunately
it simply is not good enough.it has three redeeming point though
bad joke are rather scarce too .
it just is not funny.3/10
and it is certainly proved here as well as some of her previous effort like extremity and small sacrificy - a great performance from the legendary charlie 's angel.silk hope is the type of film
that never shies away from its cheap and cheerful tv image ,
but it is not the worst film ever made .
i just came back from a pre-release viewing of this excellent sci-fi film noire .
never boring
is superb .
are wonderfully talented .
oliver reed does a great job portraying bill syke
he comes to a terrible end ... .which
what a bad
bad
very bad movie !
both lame .
and the other involves bad person wrecking an airplane for booty ,
perhaps depressed by the sheer awfulness of the product ,
is sadly wasted in the part of a rescue climber and pilot .
it is funny
but was i ever disappointed .
ringo lam and corey yuen.this has to be one of the most annoyingly-directed film i
everything unfold in predictable fashion - and lee feel the need
this is awfully amateurish writing and film-making and wastes the talent of sammo hung
you really are in the mood for a great hong kong actioner ,
is just terribly mediocre .
the trouble is that lee has not made a bad action film ,
he has made a dull one .
mr .gone introduce inside the world of `` the maxx '' a fascinating world
the story and the character are wonderfully developed .
the music goes perfectly with the style of the show
unfortunately
it 's one of my all -time favorite .
everything in this movie is bad .
one of the worst of all time.it is a really bad film
because they are so stupid .
the plot is so bad
and the script is awful .
it is a waste of the talent of deneuve and auteuil .
way too much of that type of thing - fun to watch ,
but the ending was disappointing
with the after taste of a bad star trek episode .
a new generation is not at all a bad movie .
and the story is a bit poorly told at time .
and hadley kay did a superb job voicing him .
it was great ,
harmless kiddie fun .
8/10 bethany cox
a black flamed '34 ford coupe .
one has a significan not and poignant message ,
too bad paul anderson went on to the accursed resident evil movie ,
this show is wonderful .
it has some of the best writing
is with out a dought one of the greatest .
it is perfectly crafted joke to the great performance
you would only dream of this is a wonderful show for person
a perfect show .
i am a big fan of karishma kapoor and govinda .
that are bad ,
expecting a decent film.avoid at all cost ,
do not even rent it.1/10
and each shot is like a beautifully conceived painting
unfortunately
limitation still exist in such arrangements.the universal collector 's edition dvd of this film is simply amazing ,
when preview screening tested poorly ,
and henry fonda gives possibly the best lincoln
jack frost ends up killing half the town.this movie lacks any real scare
great presentation
vehicle are actually fun to drive
and the list goes on.bad :
great firefight carry on the story
load of fun .
including streisand 's own `` funny girl '' .
this is capped off by an uninterrupted eight-minute close-up of her memorial performance - great
gives a superb performance throughout
she is also refreshingly candid about the megalomania of jon peter
you will also notice what a terrible choice
you meet the two best thing in this movie
you see the cheap romantic story from mile ago ,
robin dunne was a very bad choice .
not that he is a bad actor ,
the score has been stolen from 'cruel intention ' and 'jaweaker ' ... yes ,
the incredible journey is an important film from my life
( fantastic wilderness setting by the way ) ,
there are funny moment all the way through
great dialogue between the three animal and hilarious line
and please avoid the sequel
i remember i really enjoyed the sequel
is the best halloween sequel .
it is not about naked chick and lame joke .
it is about the worst night in laurie strode 's short life .
that i always loved .
very highly recommended !
unfortunately during a fierce thunder storm their plane crash in the himalayas .
their luck could not get any worse
curse of the snow deamon is a terrible film
sure it is bad
but it is sort of fun at time too .
and the survivor having to turn cannibal to survive and the excellent gory killer bigfoot
it is fun at time
the character 's are mostly annoying american teen ,
the plane crash at the start look awful and the yeti
some blood splatter and the best bit
curse of the snow demon is another terrible sc-fi channel 'creature feature '
if your looking for a bit of horror themed fun then this is not too bad
some person loved `` the aristocrat '' and other hated it ,
but also more often than not funny and
are completely unfunny .
mr knightley is the perfect man ,
i just found it so awful .
elderly and a bit trying.this adaptation most importantly fails ing to life the relationship between mr knightley and emma .
though playfully hiding this and continuing to use her own judgement .
.really horrible .
the main problem of the first `` vampire '' movie is that none of the character were sympathetic .
unfortunately
and was left somewhat disappointed .
( though nowhere near as bad as `` vampire '' did ) .
much like `` vampire '' however this movie 's climax near the end is not very intense.most of the above may sound like `` los muertos '' is a bad movie
it is generally enjoyable and rank among the better entry to the genre .
but it is probably not going to happen.spoiler warning the ending was way too predictable .
so special side effects.the camera work is excellent ,
the first is `` the perfect word '' ,
in `` the perfect word ''
this `` film '' is one of the most dreadful thing
and avoid this incompetent concoction.shaking the camera
not that the writing was all the wonderful ,
.just terrible .
one of the greatest of the stunt man ,
one of the greatest of serial .
it is the action that makes this movie so great.and what else could we expect
with direction by that excellent team
with great music from the amazingly prolific william lava
the great charle king
you are back to the excitemant.turner classic movie deserves a great big thank you for presenting this excellent serial ,
badly executed and laughably un-thought-out script.the line are dire ,
i am inclined to blame the director .
jon bon jovi was excellent in row your boat and more than acceptable in the leading man )
a beautiful opportunity
he had originally intended to use this silent sequence as an excuse for more pointless plot exposition - so ,
i suppose the finished product could have conceivably been worse .
this is badly plotted
silly and forgettable .
it could have been a fun and bloody little romp ,
by how bad it was .
possibly worse than the bizarre and willful socioeconomic ignorance were the down right offensive chapter
to be the worst .
bad acting
bad writing
bad directing
but added an incredibly creepy extra vibe of horribleness to his terrifyingly scripted scene opposite poor ,
lovely maggie q.i had a terrible time
choosing my least favorite scene for the end of film questionnaire ,
a close second place in this incredibly tight contest of terrible thing is shia labeouf 's tone deaf portrayal of what it means for a former disney channel star to act against julie christie .
but it is only one ight spot in what feel like hour of pointless
it is a real cheapo prod - nothing wrong with that
it is a waste of the film
he seems more like that hysterically funny friend hanging out at your house and rambling on about this
if you are disappointed in this video ,
it takes more than a beautiful woman
this is a great film .
a roguish catalyst whose character may be one of the best
defined and best examined in movie history.and these characterization are what make this great action flick stand out as a classic .
the great lion attack has never been duplicated ,
an ex-christian fundamantalist .
unfortunately however
is not out to conduct a solid investigation of the truth about jesus ' life
principal of the fundamantalist village christian school ,
what matters is that a message was introduced to mankind and spread around the world
`` spiritual truth are best seen in the clear air of otherhood and mutual respect .
what can you say about a barbara cartland adaptation ? there are some amazing actor in this
gilbert is the weak link in that ,
but bonham carter is suitably beautiful
and it is pretty bad .
and *that* really is the high point of the picture - music from old columbia films.the tall sexy blonde was nice.awful - a and new vh video from the 99 cent only store .
mia kirshner changed from an innocent girl to a party-fun seeking chick for no convincing reason at all .
all the sex scene are lame
all the sex scene are laughable ,
this is so bad ,
so very very bad .
and it was just as disappointing in the end as in the beginning ... i really do not understand people taste ,
you do not waste the 15 minute
a horror movie is bad
movie studio tend to avoid releasing bigger budgeted film
( dea messing
is the best man .
though `` the wedding date '' is predictable ,
dea messing
she can be charming and funny .
dermot mulrony has great chemistry with dea messing ,
he is able to make best of what he is given ,
the film is actually funny .
and humor make it the best date movie released in a long time .
i found this to be an utter waste of time
nathan lane surprisingly returns to his role of timon yet again .
the musical sequence are lame
it is insulting
often laugh out loud funny play on sex
teenaged niece on a year long `` missionary trip '' to africa.hilarious fun .
then a disappointment.i was deeply surprised by 9 's lack of story and strange character development .
all the awesome action sequence in the world do not make up for a single unsympathetic character .
instead of giving answer to what could have been excellently scary story device ?
but in term of plot it is a tongue-tied and tedious affair full of confusing
the best bit comes at the beginning in a marvellously macae case of manslaughter orchestrated by a child .
but then the film comes to a heel.there is solid enough acting performance
instead it is poor .
and fails spectacularly to evoke the tension and fear
the dialogue was pretty dreadful .
actually visually annoying at time .
that it was going to be a boring old ,
she did it perfectly !
this movie is just wonderful .
jealousy
i really enjoyed tear of kali .
that keep it from being truly excellent -
my biggest gripe with the production is the poor and uninspired over-dubbed dialogue .
the acting is poor ,
although flawed in some fundamentuml way
definitely recommended - 8.5/10
but then again there is topless babe and some gore and some bad word spouted here and there .
that something bad is going to happen .
so not only is this mediocre ,
1/10
term.great flick but too short .
but pretty damn fun .
would not be as fun ,
but it is fun to dream about the potential there .
we have now been given the film version of an excellent story
is to bad
that most person will avoid this film .
beautiful scenery
not cheap ,
but generally enjoyable
it is the perfect kind of movie
the ring and this making him the sexegenarian version of jude law.short haul fun .
may not be the best idea after all .
i loved
unfortunately
poor assistant guy and his crummy useless hand .
other just lame attempt at humor - with a couple thin plot point
band camp and naked mile were solid rental .
is a disappointment
the joke are lame ,
it lacks the grip of say john frankenheimer 's 'the manchurian candidate ' or alan j.pakula 's 'the parallax view ' .
they are funnier !
who sadly passed away earlier this year ,
is superb as the mysterious tagge ,
the best chris atkin ' film could offer was anne widdecombe ! surprisingly ,
whose failure was so great
it initially looks great
-- none.the plot is a muddled mess about a toy factory and the force of evil .
that the movie still turns out so badly ? !
-- much like the terrible popeye picture william did at the beginning of his film career .
is one unfunny joke
the alan freed story.this was a fascinating biopic
haine makes an incredible impression ,
when he joins davy for a commissary meal - tossing his hat into the ring with some wonderful bit at the dining table .
haine and davy deliver great comic performances.the story starts off with dell henderson
full of great hollywood location footage
full of great `` cameo '' ; at a studio lunch
the best `` bit '' player
while the cameo are fun ,
and the joke is not particularly funny .
they needed to be really dreadful such as 'charlie 's angel '
not great .
the plot was kind of weak
of are made into truly complex and wonderful characters.this film is better than any college course
woody allen has made some of the greatest comedy ever
that annie hall is the greatest movie ever
but not that bad either like manhattan murder mystery and sweet and lowdown
before had a film quite as bad as melinda and melinda .
not quite so tired and so unfunny ,
and one of the other mentions a funny story
unfortunately
lame to a ridiculous degree ) .still ,
maybe someday i will see the perfect combination of porn and plot .
while it is great to have this terrific show in a boxed dvd form ,
poorly written .
but it is done in such a poor way
what sounds worse ?
where the story is poorly written.for younger kid
it is too bad \u0096
and it is a forgettable mess
this is one of the most boring horror film i
as it is absolutely god awful ,
all the character are boring ,
and the story is terrible ,
the great setting and the creepy house definitely would have helped
if it was not so damn boring ,
when a character gets his face messed up by bee 's ,
this is one of the most boring horror film i
as it is absolutely god awful ,
avoid it like the plague ! ,
the direction is absolutely terrible ! .
carl monson does an absolutely terrible !
making every thing look cheap ,
and just keeping the film at an incredibly dull pace .
the acting is just as bad .
but they were all really bad .
overall please avoid this ,
but the film resembles more of a noir/detective feel
noir and science fiction
and if you can look past the rather disappointing ending
as poor man 's ingemar bergman .
the inaudible dialogue was annoying .
he gave his child a line about being bad ,
and that they should not be bad ,
lukas did give an excellent portrayal of a man
and he is engaged in his own `` wach am rhein '' .all the other actor did an excellent job here ;
which limps along like a bad version of the island of dr. moreau
it is worse than the one with val kilmer ) .
is completely wasted in a film
by using the worst naive clich\u00e9s of the cinematic snobbery .
this is an excellent film
i was very disappointed with the academy award
when this did not get the oscar for best film and for best actress
unfortunately after the promising opening the flick went straight to hell .
a very tedious and redundant mess with mediocre slashing and a final half hour
was weak too
but the direction is excellent
by a great deal of mugging .
another enjoyable romp in the chinese ghost world .
and worse yet ,
a girl from a poor family
bill and ted 's bogus journey is one of the greatest movie of all time needs their head checked .
one of those rare film
bogus journey can be enjoyed again and again .
keanu wants to forget all that matrix rubbish and get down to doing what he does best
clearly if your favorite movie did not win ,
as being self-aggrandizing and pointless ,
they decided to show a video of the great movie moment
who usually avoids the hollywood scene .
`` it is a great
great movie town .
it is been a great
and it remains a great
great city . ''
to be enjoyable and worse of all a bizarre almost hollywood-like ending
that may or may not have supposed to have happened.but on the positive side the filming and acting is excellent .
after hearing his name would be- 'torture'.dhol is a mixture of bad
unfunny toilet joke
poor suspense and idiocracy .
which were funny
then came tusshar kapoor
there is a 'bad ' man
who is preposterously stupid and dumb .
the good win over the bad and everything is fine .
is simply not witty.the worst thing
and have fun .
3/10 .
ridiculous `` school '' athmosphere
that are very bad and behave like criminal
this film is a very lame rip-off of jaws
but i really hate a dull bad horror movie ,
and in which one 's view of the world hinges on the finely tuned functioning of the ain
that david lacks the focus the job requires.admittedly
cruise gives the best performance of his career
yet she lacks any hint of mystery
that makes julie so unforgettable .
10/10 .
vonnegut 's word are best experienced on paper .
are laughable ,
but this is still a fun little chiller .
has some great atmosphere
give great performance .
great dialog and a bizarre condition
once again vicenzo amaze us with a great idea
that the movie fails sometimes ,
it makes for very fascinating and informative viewing.i had only previously seen emily blunt in the devil wear prada
blunt is perfectly cast in the role ,
blunt and friend are excellent in every scene
there is not a single bad performance in this film .
of how the young princess rose to power.the movie looks amazing ,
that what makes this film so great is emily blunt .
turning in another excellent performance and elevating this film above what it might have been ,
with excellent performance
if you have an appreciation for a fascinating look at a woman
it is not a bad film ,
that is more effective than that forgettable little thing .
which were actually rare historically .
even that was predictable ,
so she has no one to blame but herself )
the soundtrack is so weak
you do not even notice its presence.but worst of all was the way
with very few sword fight scene and very sentimental ... in a bad way ...
helen is one bad mad mutha .
you do not want to mess with her .
reynold is totally ridiculous in her role as the gold-digging tap dancer .
is as fun as any .
to see this waste of time ever ,
this was awful .
it was not even funny in the slightest .
the only bit i enjoyed were the few scene with christopher walken in them .
of when i see one of their film now-a-day is this terrible movie ,
and it reminds me not to waste my money .
amy poehler is so very annoying
many of the character are so obnoxious ,
big beast in need of anger management therapy.along the way ,
if you have 90 minute to waste ,
and you want to laugh at a so-bad-it is-good-movie .
`` why would i want to waste my time
and stupid.have you seen `` city of lost child '' ?
while a great attempt at 'imitating ' laurel and hardy through appearance
i blame larry harmon .
while sartain did an excellent job with ollie 's accent ,
he tried too hard to create the wonderful mix
( although perhaps they were trying to give it that feel of cheap set ?
and overall it is a terrible thing to witness .
where the legendary duo did their last film in awful 1950 's era writing and photography .
why ruin 'here is another fine mess ' ?
why was there a pointless gaggle of co-star ? !
and did the learning channel help fund the thing ? i mean
have actually read a biography of louis pasteur.the most glaring inaccuracy is in the relationship between pasteur and napoleon iii.back in the 1930 's the latter was invariably shown in a bad light.while far from an admirable character-he
he was not the stupid reactionary depicted here .
deciding it was a waste of money to build a laboratory for someone who would soon be dead
and it was obvious to everyone that pasteur was one of the emperor 's favorites.pasteur 's main worry concerning the emperor was that napoleon thought pasteur was virtually a miracle worker who could do almost anything
pasteur refused to say a bad word about him
this film was rather a disappointment .
( 3/10 )
really disappointed .
it is funny the producer even admitted
it just goes full speed ahead with whatever nonsense dialogue or cheap horror movie sets
`` fury of the wolfman '' may be the best halloween party movie ever .
the reason is because it involves vampire doing incredible stunt .
really boring and poorly written .
it was probably fun to make
sure this was a great learning tool for them .
of all the film noir of the 1940s and 1950s
and most fun to watch .
which means you have great camera angle and wonderful facial closeup .
great stuff !
this is great entertainment ,
that he should be allowed to live.sound ridiculous
but this is actually an incredible film .
and it is beautifully directed
( i have never seen such beautiful blue sky )
but hunter is just great
( and very beautiful ) and roger livesey is superb as a doctor
the imagery throughout is amazing
and the special effect are truly great
this is an absolutely beautiful ,
-- highly recommended .
was as laughably bad a piece of tv drama
that this was one hell of a fun movie .
i was not disappointed .
( my favorite )
and you will not be disappointed !
despite unfortunately thinking itself to be ( a ) intelligent ,
his later bad lieutenant would show
just how badly good actor can act ,
it is great to see jorja fox in a role
also loved hearing her sing .
feel bad about them
that provide the film with a great deal of energy.oh
but he is in a fantastic physical shape .
same goes to the beautiful barbara hershey
hershey and coburn are not showing their best
coburn is a really great villain in this one .
his role and his acting is the best of the movie.landscape and shootout are terrific .
not a great movie but above the average
because of a great coburn
i loved her mom 's question :
carries even greater significance ,
from the frumpy bobo at the favorite restaurant
and that is every little girl 's dream to emerge from the ugly duckling into a beautiful swan ...
the best way i have been able to explain
'pickup on south street ' is a strong film noir
the transformation predictable from the outset .
in traditional film noir
fascinatingly
will believe it for the rest of their life.the cast of `` the man in the moon '' is full of great talented name .
all member of the cast pull off great performance and with the dialogue of the compelling screenplay
there is no nuance or subtlety in the film -
the film 's `` message '' is a failure
the clever message is nowhere to be seen .
regardless on your take on the war and peace this movie serves as a great start for all american
great dvd you have to keep an open mind and see all side
the writing of the journalist and the required over eager reckless press officer and sobbing grandma was ham-fisted and clich\u00e9 ridden.i can not blame the actor ,
the press perspective and characterization was overdrawn exaggerated and at point insultingly unbelievable.i notice
but this was just an insult .
because i was quite disappointed by it .
of showing off his amazing knowledge in front of an audience
but the problem is that it got worse
it leads us to the worst issue in the bunch
after an other.so overall i was very disappointed by it
considering how bad it was i better understand
it was so funny
and i loved it .
really cute and funny .
it is sadly an over looked classic film !
but this film could easily become a cult favorite
too bad
she is funny and charming .
although it was one of the best movie i
unfortunately
it was a disappointment .
towelhead is the only sundance movie i have ever wanted to walk out early from.the worst problem with towelhead
almost all rate this movie poorly and expose the shallow and manipulative tissue
it is going so cheap
unfortunately for the fletcher family it could potentially cost them their marriage
as being particularly bad but on the other hand
the script by robert suhosky from the novel by jame hardiman is a little on the dull side and strictly by-the-number
it was a bad idea to have doug mcclure
although great pain and a couple of bed sheet
an ok time waster .
late night shopping manage to avoid interest for much longer than that .
but it gets worse .
to make up for the weak character or annoyingly lame story.i
`` great '' .
i had a great time
to continue making great movie like this .
how great a movie can be with such a small budget .
this travesty does a gross injustice to the greatest of all cowboy hero
will the real hopalong please stand up ! one of the worst movie ever made and ,
! this movie is like a `` bad acid trip ''
( and that was not the worst of it ) .
the commentary is superb
if you have not.10/10
do not miss this artistic noir film from one of the great film director .
sid is the best character
that is the funniest part about the whole movie ,
although i also really enjoyed the humour behind `` putting sloth on the map '' and many other part as well .
lensman is a rather lesser-known anime gem from toho and mk studios.it is loosely based on the novel ,
but it is fun to watch
so 2/10 .
richard hill gives a solid performance in the lead role ,
who sadly
the fight scene are not too bad
not good - but not necessarily that bad
.9/10 .
and the flow was just bad .
this was one of the worst movie i
so my memory might have made itworse
but i do know it was at least as bad as a 4 out of10 .
badly drawncharacters.i just remembered the one redeeming part of the movie ...
where he is amazing .
as isay ... 4/10 .
the shooter however lacks the style of e.g .
acting and cinematography are mediocre at best
which i bought at walgreen for a great big whole dollar .
spent or a dollar foolishly wasted.pretty amazing set design and costume .
but bad dialog .
the main character was especially annoying .
the special effect were not bad for a 2001 show.the gnome was a nice character .
to describe how bad this film is.first of the story
is not that bad ,
i have seen worse film ,
the scenery was great too .
yvonne is such a talented woman and beautiful .
but that is what is great about old movie !
they may not all be the best out there
that a movie as bad as this could be made in hollywood .
the acting and story is simply pathetic
and the direction is awful .
that i had wasted my precious thirty rupee .
that i was going to waste some more time of my life on this crap .
avoid this movie at all cost ,
making a beautiful hymn to the nature .
a pleasing surprise is the appearance of annie galipeau in the role of archie 's beloved .
the most horrible retelling of a great series .
to be the greatest music video of all time )
( the `` badder '' sequence ) .
the funny sound
her sympathetic supervisor
because motel management strictly prohibits pet on their premise .
and overthrow the earth fails ,
albert pyun is one of my favorite low budget action director ,
( the great david niven )
he loved her .
david niven was number 36 on the 50 greatest british actor ,
the film was number 86 on the 100 greatest tearjerker for the happy ending ,
it was number 47 on the 100 greatest war film ,
it was number 46 on the 50 greatest british film ,
and it was number 59 on the 100 greatest film .
that i was not disappointed in the film .
everything about it is quite excellent .
the song are wonderful .
i loved the development of the relationship
the direction is nearly perfect
probably the single most perfect scene of the film occurs right
i give this film a 9/10.p.s .
and a rare television interview with rene clair
their web site is surprisingly horrible ) .
father is great ,
but rarely as inventive .
an excellent soundtrack
great writing
it was horrible !
it expecting the worst ,
while it is hardly the best sandler film out there ,
there are much worse !
but that is all part of the fun !
a great way to waste an afternoon ,
just cause takes some of the best part of three film
in which various dull legal issue get debated .
this is just a mediocre dumb old western ,
somewhere around the middle there is a ridiculously-timed marriage proposal ;
it is amazing how hark tsui managed to combine them together .
this was fun to watch ,
well made with quite a serious message about the danger
was so annoying and unfunny you just wanted him to shut up - well at least i did !
if he was playing an annoying little man as part of the script
that would make a great picture .
wonderful set
how weak the plot was .
that it was a slightly enjoyable two hour ,
that alone can ing you an enjoyable one and a half hour .
the script is mediocre ,
the plot is predictable
and the ending must be one of the worst east of hollywood .
and the human capacity for violence and undoing'.the actor do their best with a script
in trying to pass a negative judgement
that has had a great effect '' .
to express a purely subjective judgement
it is a waste of hour of your time
if it really managed to put across a universally or even oadly relevant message of this sort ,
as being justified or excused by any generally relevant message at all .
alexandre to the greatest degree
are going to end up disappointed and bitter .
unfortunately ,
that a film by jean renoir or martin scorsese might be argued to have .
my personal favorite ,
too bad they have not produced them in over 25 year .
`` the above statemant can be thought of as a good or a bad thing .
which is a very bad thing.i
that it at least would not be bad .
wrong.this movie is not funny or entertaining in any sense of either word .
the rest of the story is contrived and stupid .
have you seen `` national lampoon 's favorite deadly sin '' ?
morph mantegna into to annoying actor half his age ,
and still gives the best performance in the movie .
because they have bad materialgo watch the national lampoon 's movie ,
it really is that bad !
that it would not be genius - the premise seemed far too silly and stupid for anything good to come out of it ,
that the movie was probably worse
i was shocked at how terrible the script was .
the story was completely predictable -
if they can make the worst possible movie ever made ,
dumb-founding-ly stupid climax
but instead at how ridiculous and stupid the movie was .
that he will get many more job offer after this crappy waste of 2 hour ! ! !
it only got a generous 1/10
while watching it.it is an excellent piece of work narrated in a very intelligent form.the series is like a movie
it is his best work ,
but the look of this movie is amazing .
it is beautifully filmed
the acting is superb
it is not a funny feel-good movie -
movie.the director does an excellent job of character development -
and rare.it is fun to see ellen page acting in this movie .
if you loved her in juno ,
the beautiful story of stardust is written by by neil gaiman
it has humor and magic and beautiful
a remake of the superb 1972 movie of the stage play
diluted further by weak self-indulgent direction.the warmth of the setting in the original is forsaken for a super-modern homesetting .
the subtle interplay between oliver and caine
as the stepmother they flounce about in various wonderful period costume .
stupid
eating poor food
the indian family are beautiful
that i am astonished the bbc funded it at all .
the english are so stupid ,
the bbc should not have funded its production .
there are a few funny line and a few incredibly pretentious movie reference
the over thirty gay man get the worst of it :
simple yet outrageous and funny .
dorothy malone won the best
nearly matches malone in intensity with his offering of the weak- willed other kyle hadley
( a beautifully leonine lauren bacall ) ,
shown to greatest effect in the scene
you are experiencing a great oedipal drama unfold .
gussied up in lurid technicolor and polished to perfection by a visual genius .
this movie was disappointing .
it was incomplete and dull .
while alec baldwin tried to portray himself as the perfect fair and just prosecutor
of how a country could be led down such a terrible path.sure ,
competent actor would be wasted on the scumbag roles here ,
and would actively undermine the fantastic mincing-incompetent da and a judge
i had expected horrible dialogue
two outta three are not bad.the acting is bad ,
though not as bad as some movie i have seen .
were the acting is downright terrible ,
but for the most part it is of at least high school play level.the cg for the sasquatch in this movie is probably the second-worst part .
you may be asking why i call the cg the second-worst part .
that is because the very worst part of the movie is the sound effect .
annoying
it is a bad thing ,
i was not missing much.the action was infrequent and boring .
they were all cookie-cutter and bland .
the movie lacks energy ,
of how good or how bad a warrior this demon is .
wonderful film
and terrible lapse in continuity made this movie a prime choice
for getting the send-up on mst3k.and
to give a weak story
i feel cheapened
buttgereit is masterpiece is one of the best movie i
highly highly recommended !
to tell with incredible scenario twist .
it also has a much stronger `` message ''
than most movie how really intend to pass a message .
that it is considerably worse than his 70 's stuff - and whereas 'wizard ' had real imagination
4.5/10
my first fassbinder was a wonderful experience .
were perfect match.there were many clich used in the film ,
and i loved the way
real fun !
avoided in cinema
it are not bad compared to other recent remake
totally predictable in the `` who will die next '' stake and a total cash in on the dawn of the dead name
is so boring is supposed to be slow to show how
how the new version is mile better cos the old version is slow and boring
and holds a camera shot for more than 5 second ... not bad ,
the terrorist are annoying .
adam sandler is annoying .
the only remotely funny part is the rocker with the black teeth getting all the girl .
its a waste of the $ 1.99 i paid for it .
and using the firm 's ostensibly secure computer to transfer fund to them .
unfortunately
the plot completely predictable ,
that the drama offered this season is pretty poor ,
that power ranger are the greatest
they would learn how much better super sentai is over the american version.power ranger is completely awful ,
`` semana santa '' or `` angel of death '' is a very weak movie .
avoid !
just disappointed .
unfortunately
i really enjoyed the ief scene
dreadful horror sequel to `` the howling '' .
this picks off with karen white 's funeral
( christopher lee sadly )
join him.a terrible script
bad direction
they are terrible
which is particularly stupid
the best i can say
but the hispanic woman did an excellent job with her role as a scared and beaten wife .
geewiz..did not see any of that coming ... 5/10 is pretty generous .
i found this to be the most enjoyable muppet movie ,
and had the best comic delivery on most of its line .
while there are not as many great cameos here as in the original `` muppet movie
simply the timing and delivery of so many of the line is great ,
it is the funniest muppet movie
and is sure to be enjoyed by all .
if you loved the classic such as tom wopat
jame best
this movie will dissappoint you badly !
they should have ought back jame best
do not waste your time on a movie
the wonderful elizabeth perkin is also in this movie ,
to hire some of the best woman character
but we are subjected to a pointless
that is so patently ridiculous ,
bug object and the fun begins.using nearly every department in the store
even referring to the manager as `` the great gildersneeze '' .
bug makes the best of the situation.director jone is on top of his pictorial game as always ,
the best argument yet for animal labor law .
the first fumble makes it boring ;
and i have certainly seen some poor movie on occasion .
in spite of being shot in beautiful location
were developed so poorly
that the movie had shown up to that point.a theme of mysticism was used as a poor attempt
jealousy and ambition
the film works best
this is the best thing
it is bland
we have the poor slob
who really just has a barely-functioning intellect ;
and found them just as annoying in real life as i do on tv ...
why would i want to waste another 1/336th of my week watching more of those type nominate ? ! ?
to get a benchmark for bad but with this movie
it is unisol 's best movie
to refine and perfect the unisol program in an effort
the acting was fairly bad-
i know i am a horrible person.maybe i
who can not be necessarily blamed for her action ,
and even husband added great tension
the movie fails
in all the bad sense .
his being in the movie seems pointless .
that she went `` bad ''
how stupid he is .
is not supposed to be entertaining/enjoyable ,
which ings me to the biggest disappointment.irreversible comparison :
a terrible movie
but laughable .
beautiful acting
to describe this worthless film is 'trash ' the acting is so badly
it lest you waste an hour or two of your time laughing more than screaming .
while russo is truly excellent as the depraved creep
( scarwid has a great moment
but the material is compelling every step of the way.8/10
it was a poorly directed
horribly written and acted mess .
the movie fails on many count .
i too was aggravated by spike 's ridiculous action
due to glenaan 's great performance .
the beautiful landscape
and boring the movie definitely did not help .
the movie 's two hour plus run time wastes most of the screen time with random garbage
is the stupidest way to die .
disappointment.that said ,
i could and will form some wonderful explanation .
perhaps it is a bit boring at time ,
and boring
the landscape are beautiful ,
won an academy award for best cinematography ,
although the award probably should have been for best scenery .
you can not really credit the dp for getting to shoot in such a beautiful location .
with one of my very favorite actor
unfortunately
this independent film was one of the best film at the tall grass film festival
there i loved it
that was great about the film on top of all
that avi did a great job in his role .
the talent in the film was just amazing the cinematography was just great
and his parent loved the movie so much
when it won the audience favorite
this truly was a great film
it was dark and funny and sad and truly emotional
it is ridiculous .
meticulously directed and with some excellent character acting
also i found the lead female character somewhat weak :
you still will discover an extremely fascinating movie filled with splendid imagery
( beautiful close up of beatle ,
larvas and other nasty insect are alternated with great dream sequence
deeply impressed by the visual quality and the fascinating mysteriosity .
the movie obviously had great review .
that they might kidnap her show how much of a waste of time
the movie was badly made ,
( at best )
as being weak- quite the contrary ,
that would be the perfect layman 's definition
this is yet another bad movie
that you should probably avoid watching .
really awful ...
anything it had little or no relevance to carlitos way ... and should be avoided like the plague by any carlito 's way fan ... no mention of gail in fact he ends up with some other bird
unfortunately i had to rate it higher ... its a terrible attempt to cash in on what was one of the best film of the 90 's ... overall
it was approximately \u00a36 and 2 hour of my life wasted ... for all the `` action '' in it
it was truly boring slow and predictable ... again to any carltio 's way fan avoid this fiasco ...
insists on having the head of the killer of her beloved husband
the solid screenplay with a perfect development of the character
the excellent performance of the cast and the awesome direction of fritz lang produced another epic ahead of time .
i was a little disappointed with the reaction of attila after the death of his only son ,
even gave it a 1/10
this was the biggest waste of time i
you are subjected to the worst acting
which had great horrible acting )
that is not only ridiculous
character actor william smith is one of the best tough/bad guy in the industry .
he treats the viewer with the best acting performance of his career .
he is not bad in the film .
ray did a great job
( ten being the best )
at how ridiculous we have all looked at one time or another .
( the official reason is that the man are bad ) .
and in a much more subtle way
`` holly '' carries us through the beautiful and harsh cambodia while discovering
that helps to shed light on the horrible situation
who seem little better than criminal with a badge ,
that improve the life for these poor youngster ,
but the film 's dramatic weakness may reduce its chance
the actor did a great job
interesting nor funny.if you are looking for a show
rather annoying
and a big boooo for anyone cheap enough
stick in a few bad guy ,
but then it is not very bad either
even if they did not use the wonderful old train station
not that the movie is laugh out loud funny
the rather slow and rambling pace is not bad provided
-- not better or worse --
hot million is a great movie in every way .
a fun
offbeat story with wonderful performance by four of the best professional ever to work in the business .
-- -definitely one of the greatest actress of all time --
and are also perfect .
that has perfect casting ,
creating lot of laugh and fun moment throughout .
peter ustinov was a genius with a wonderful sense of humor
and it is a great time capsule of london in the '60 .
it is definitely on my all-time favorite list .
too bad it was not written well .
kirstie alley 's character could have been a great one ,
that they were making fun of him
peter weller and robert patrick star and are quickly wasted in this going nowhere fast mercenaries-for-hire action dud
where the story is pretty darn bad and the action suck
mistress of the dark '' starts off with our heroine with the gravity defying boobs receiving a message .
it seems that a great aunt of her has died
she decides to go in hope of getting lot and lot of money.unfortunately
that her great aunt left her 3 thing :
her worst problem turns out to be her great uncle vincent
is actually pretty funny
especially funny as edie mcclurg as chastity pariah
but ends up looking ridiculous
( the picnic scene is the perfect example ) .
the first 50 minute of this movie were quite boring .
the last 40 minute were excellent .
the actor are excellent .
there is something to be said for presenting a horrible crime in such a utal light ,
it is also poorly made and after the rape occurs ,
the movie is overall pretty bad
to avoid this film .
paul lynde was funnier on `` bewitched '' or `` hollywood square '' than here .
goes to waste here .
unfortunately
everything else about this movie is worthless and forgettable ,
of avoiding a holiday fiasco like the one
that have lost a loved one recently .
i loved seeing old friend from the dreamland day
the cast is simply wonderful
uses the best element of past water atrocity
in a wonderful way .
the wonderful edna may oliver as well as zazu pitts.as for the stooge ,
a great studio
they got bad after the death of shemp and curly )
the film is rather dull and disappointing .
to look for in the mess .
because it promised great visual and music .
i was also a great fan of a similar movie ... baraka .
wherea baraka told a great story
and horror of the world in an engrossing fashion and great music ,
this is horrible
that could have been done worse
even very bad one ,
great cast .
great acting .
unpredictable story line for the first halfhour or so .
i was really wanting to know what was going tohappen to each of these unredeeming character ,
but it onlygot worse .
this is a waste of time .
the best part of the night was
this has to be one of the worst film i
`` s\u00e5 som in himmelen '' was probably one of the 3 most beautiful film
and my young mind and present beingness was formed and shaped by many beautiful swedish influence
and he is perfectly cast as the young
( great name ! ) .
and i must admit to being disappointed.this film is invariably included in any list of the `` nastiest '' film
the sound is rather shrill and one realizes what great stride have been accomplished in sound reproduction in the ensuing year .
that does not ring true for me.somerset maughan loves to delve into human relationship of great dramatic intensity
bette davis can switch from a beautiful seductive woman to a viper full of fiery hatred .
and making a bad choice in a scheming little waitress.toward the end of the film the young doctor meets his true love in a busy street .
but i find it quite ridiculous in this otherwise very serious film .
this movie is loosely based on the `` they loved and lost '' premise .
of having fun on it too but is quickly reminded
the supporting cast was incredible .
two memorable scene were the dolly parton contest and the unforgettable scene
this is an excellent little film about the loneliness of the single man .
not only is it a disgustingly made low-budget bad-acted movie ,
but the plot itself is just stupid ! !
ridiculous ! ! !
lynch does this on purpose to give a greater sense of realism ,
in the dark and so on ... the performance are great
i watched this movie 11 year ago in company with my best female friend .
bill pullman is also great
after too many bad memory ,
i have always considered this the worst st :
to guinan 's explanation about how funny her droid joke is
unfortunately
joe piscopo stopped being funny decade ago ,
although the jerry lewis bit was funny in a stupid way .
it was that bad .
it was making fun of it ,
i loved the cartoon .
i felt so disappointed
that they slaughtered the cartoon so badly .
and we loved every minute of it.i
and stupid dialogue for humor .
product placement is pointless in this film ,
it fails from every angle.the harrowing novel about the reality
excellent .
a beautiful film
excellent performance
and a twinkling william 's score.if you enjoyed the film for its positivity and hope in the face of 'reality ' ,
the grandfather intervene and the worst is avoided.later on ,
and just follow the film with its wonderful color
the lighting effect and the beautiful soundtrack.enjoy barbara bouchet
which ends with the projector bursting into flame .
to that other great animated work
the costume are poor and incorrect for the time frame
do not waste your time .
that we are actor put into a great stage .
and this wonderful country arises to the light as a splendid bird
it is very great for me
katzir constructs an absolutely wonderful documentary
and give us one of the most beautiful portrait of the most wonderful country of the world .
silver-haired tony sirico as the perpetually perplexed paulie and the very beautiful edie falco as the duplicitous
and highly tense ... this film is simply superb !
the most surprising thing about man of honor is how much i enjoyed it in spite of myself .
the movie is as predictable and cliched
it is a perfect role for cuba gooding
who 's wonderfully restrained here .
and i voted for it for best picture.justine priestley is hot as the psychotic
set with some great blue music
and replaced with an overall dull effect quite possibly meant to be horrific
this ridiculous plot twist
at first the movie seemed to be doing great ,
the character ' identity changed for the worse within the movie .
so now there is a new terrible movie
my opinion ! ... .do not waste your time or money .
i loved ranma
castle in the sky is by far one of the best .
spirited away is the best ,
that that is miyazaki 's best film ,
this movie is amazing for several reason .
the third and final installment to the trilogy is truly amazing for harris ' extreme sensitivity with the subject .
one can see gary as a ridiculously pathetic character ,
he is stunningly bad here in a performance
but you would never guess it from this amateurish mess - a newcomer to his work would never want to see another of his film after this ,
which would be a great shame .
and a sad waste of a potentially interesting material .
the worst movie i have ever seen in my entire life .
the acting was laughable
i am disappointed
one of my all best war film
bill nighy is perfect in his role as the band 's frontman .
he does a superb job ,
if you are looking for an touching and funny film
( with some great song ) ,
you have found it.7.4/10
cbs primetime television show were theworst thing
and it isperhaps one of the worst film of recent memory .
it is awful .
the cast is awful
the directionis awful ,
i can not stress how awful this is .
avoid it like you would smallpox.this is rated
but then she was an awful 'actress ' anyway .
unfortunately
it is an exceptionally weak story ,
poor acting
could a film be any more boring ?
watching paint dry or the grass grow might be more fun .
who makes fun of celeity 's mostly
and hilarity ensues.this film is great and i hope
leaving poor laurie to fight against the seemingly indestructible michael .
as well as a poorly received 2007 remake .
that `` halloween '' is the best.made on a very modest ,
i loved this movie .
who loved the batman series from the 60 's should
have enjoyed return to the batcave .
the actor had a lot of fun
the gay subtext in his relationship with jack pickford is amazing -
both actor play this sub-text subtlely and with great depth of emotion ,
also excellent is francis x. bushman 's son ralph as haine ' rival for the girl
wonderful silent classic - a great example of twenty commercial cinema with an edge .
just awful.i have wasted another perfect evening
is one of the greatest musical of all time .
it is a perfect family film .
he meets the artful dodger - superbly
the set perfectly replicate victorian london ,
is a worthy contender for the best musical all of time
ringmaster '' is the worst film i
because at least the worst film i have ever seen ,
it is an endless repetition of poor person ,
( or what jerry springer seems to believe poor person are ) ,
insulting each other ,
which covers how a group of stupid person mangle their life badly enough
-- to see their outrageous behavior as inherently funny .
too bad it is not .
it is predictable .
in order to function .
if he really were an advocate of the poor ,
if he liked poor person so much ,
but a more subtle
what a goldmine of great scene and character actor ,
hopefully slater 's career can rebound from this disaster.hands down the worst film i
i gave timecop a perfect 10 ,
i gave this 1it is story is very boring ,
and they put in new stupid stuff instead .
well most of them are not ... only the first one is great ...
do not waste time
there is no way to avoid a comparison between the cat in the hat and the grinch
just awful.jim carey was cast
giving the viewer a much needed distraction from the bad writing
and myer.there was some fun
necessarily ridiculous film version the literary classic `` moby dick '' .
john barrymore and joan bennett are not at their best .
he was funny
and it was pretty much the same show as america 's funniest home videos except with a host
what really matter here is hadley 's superb interpretation of the character/s and the stunt work of dale van sickel and yakima canutt .
while the baddy knock over a huge water tank and flood the tunnel behind him ,
the whip action is great as zorro disarm villain
most of the sword work is fair to lame
this was among the stupidest and preachiest of the anti-nuke film out of the 1980s.the idea
the `` die-ins '' or film like `` amazing grace and chuck ''
donal mccann puts in a once-off great performance as public gar
eamonn kelly also plays an excellent `` screwball ''
but in the end this story by peter bloore bounce between mildly humorous and pathetic in its message .
one terrible distraction is a musical score
but in the end this little film is truly best utilized as background music/white noise .
and the perfect person
would have made a good show great .
oh dear ! what a disappointment .
his two sidekick were annoying
roll is an excellent
it is funny throughout ,
he is supported superbly by john batchelor as local gangster tiny .
watch out for these two.highly recommended .
who takes advantage of the employee and customer in the largely poor and black neighborhood it inhabits .
and the script fails
the constant message about sharing and giving is repeated so endlessly ,
this is a message film
in spite of its very relevant message .
the synopsis for this movie does a great job
it is a solid story with some great twist at the end ,
all fun
and best of all
the child actor in the movie do a great
they become apathetic towards the character ,
unfortunately the story line is hard to follow and not a lot happens in the movie .
i enjoyed it .
i found some of the humour quite funny especially alfred molina the star of spider-man 2 the character doc ock .
he was excellent the most enjoyable part of the film .
some part are a pit poor
heder performance is annoying ,
since he plays an annoying guy ,
problem is he is to bad an actor
is laughable .
that is not as bad as the worst of them .
fascinating look at fascist italy and the person
this movie is funny
charming and therefore highly enjoyable .
simply underlines how bad this movie is .
the dialogue border on the ridiculous ,
and hands down the best acted character in the movie .
why a great novelist may not necessarily turn out to be a great screenwriter.the film opens in 1940 in a london-like `` everytown '' .
the overall message seems a trifle pessimistic .
they only have two functioning gas-mask between them .
it is a great idea and deserved its own film.similarly ,
i particularly enjoyed the mean of propulsion to the moon ,
seeing someone she loved die before her very eyes ?
forthright and loving- in spite of the best effort by the post production crew
a great believer in justice
those day are long over.walter pidgeon does an excellent job
he was a solid actor
i really can not remember who recommended this ,
and what is best described as `` crazy cat lady . ''
`` how bad was it before ? ''
and it is utterly fascinating .
this is still the best action movie ever done .
the action movie of today are badly done the actor and action director do not no how to do it fighting and stunt properly .
is just amazing .
the end fight stunt are for me the best fight stunt
the end stunt sliding down the pole crashing through the glass jackie was badly hurt .
this movie must have been the absolute worst movie i have ever seen .
this was terrible i was waiting for it to get scary
1/10 .
to reveal any more of the convoluted plot in this seminal `` noir '' would be criminal .
fritz lang 's utal `` film noir ''
he had been in a bad state over that deal
beautiful would-be actress elizabeth short ,
`` it would be very clear one beautiful day
darkness and/or had an incredible string of bad luck afterward .
it is dark `` noir '' to be sure -one of the darkest
and contains the definitive noir statement
he does not even try to be funny
and terri had the worst acting
but his movie was just too stupid .
the film lacks style
and do not blame the director or actor .
the choreography was beautiful
tamako is such a wonderfully delightful character .
which focuses on what might be the world 's most dysfunctional family
make-up is awful ,
and everything else is amateurish at best .
a waste of time .
badly edited and at time difficult to follow .
but this left me disappointed .
as it had such a great premise
a shame of a waste .
4/10 .
perhaps the worst thing about carlos mencia 's comedy is that every joke needs to be followed with an insult at the person in the crowd
perhaps the worst thing about carlos mencia 's comedy is that he does not get off his free speech high horse .
actually ... the worst thing about carlos mencia 's comedy is that it substitues meanspirited jab at ethnicity for legitimate humor .
avoid this like the plague .
movie theater management would not allow this ,
probably one of my worst movie night .
and unfortunately
it is also pointless and boring and i did not get one ounce of enjoyment out of it .
was basically about nothing and functioned mostly for the popular act of the time .
and our audience a treat.but let 's have something with a bit more substance.loved
so if you are one from the `` greatest generation
`` the dealer '' is not that funny to me and i do not know
these new scene and plot might have been ok except the awful
it is terrible .
no expectation - no disappointment .
and was utally disappointed .
powaqqatsi is in my humble opinion nothing but a cheap attempt to cash in on the cult success of its predecessor
it fails miserably .
what disappointed me the most
who so illiantly composed the emotional and perfectly-synchronized music for koyaanisqatsi .
a big waste of time !
i felt bad for having woken them up .
and worse
the very best part of this movie was shernaz patel .
but i must say i appreciated her contribution greatly
i saw the mst3k version of `` deathstalker iii ''
and loved the movie so much
and settled down for a laugh.nothing about `` deathstalker i '' was funny on any level
either `` ds 3 '' was a much cleaner production or mst3k really edited a lot
stupid and carefree and simple .
this is in fact not the best movie of all time ,
but it is a really enjoyable movie
this movie is fun
in that it is fun to watch ,
this movie has is the most fantastic pay off of any movie ever ,
that it is really really bad .
and loved the era dearly .
apart from the embarrassingly poor dubbing
all the more fun and dangerous .
always enjoy great film
that it was a big waste of time and effort
gave a great supporting role .
do not waste your time ,
i was especially disappointed with the ending though .
it is a joke how bad it is and no one would review this kind of movie the way
so bad
the rocket boys went on to make great life for themselves .
this is a wonderful film for everyone
director suo 's trick were subtle for the most part ;
wonderful .
lucas is gradually escalating into a major hollywood player with such charismatic turn in `a beautiful mind ' and `sweet home alabama ' .
with some of the best character development
overall diane warren 's theme is beautifully orchestrated
as captain jonathan archer was the best decision
a superb human
well timed and almost perfect .
because sadly travis mayweather 's character
is a little weak at the end of the first season .
jolene blalock is wonderful as the sometimes harsh but equally loveable subcommander t'pol .
who often play a weaker character
well maybe its not that bad after all .
and represent the show perfectly.rick berman 'the overlord of the empire ' as john logan so accurately put it
rooney is a great dancer ,
and ed harris in a totally over the top rendition of a fundamentalist southern serial killer.weird casting ,
clearly an hilarious movie.it anger me to see the poor rating
a funny
ridiculous enjoyable film .
and telling her what is best for herself and person
he is just making her feel worse .
the case is the best part of the movie
only to find a shot on home video hodge-podge of poorly shot clip
tied together with pathetic acting and non-related slaughter house scene .
low and behold it only got worse .
that `` donna '' is a horrible name for a main character in a horror film ? )
as dull as donna.-high school allow prom to take place at hotel
apparently student are perfectly able to buy a hotel room and go in and out
must carry a bag of really effective cleaning supply and wipes up his mess between scene .
and unfortunately for theater patron
powering the rapid-fire dialogue and corny plot with his charisma and buoyant charm.the rest of the cast gives their best
joan blondell is perfect as the smart-mouthed
as second male lead.guy kibbee and hugh herbert are lot of fun as other-in-law
they are perfect illustration of the type of entertainment
floating and diving in perfect pattern and design
terry gilliam 's fantastic
about it is a fantastic
that boasts bruce willi ' best performance ever.what sets 12 monkey apart from most time-travel sci-fi movie is that bruce willi character actually deals with what the psychological effect of time-travel ,
and it works beautifully thank to a tautly
bruce willi gives the best performance of his career
12 monkey is a darkly lavish spectacle of a film imming with illiance.10/10
is wow.it is rare that i am completely taken aback by anything
but this is quite possibly the greatest fantasy movie i have ever seen
maybe even the best movie of any kind
i could have been sucked in by the wonderful dialog
charlie cox is perfect as tristan
claire daine is brilliant as yvaine
which managed to be laugh our loud funny ,
and blend in perfectly with the rest of the movie alone would have made this a great movie.special effect
were near perfect ,
not too much to distract you from the movie itself and blended into the story perfectly.then there is the story ?
that does not just come off as another cheap princess bride knockoff .
it manages to be familiar and comfortable and yet completely new and refreshing at the same time.any one of those thing would have made this a good movie ,
all of them combined make it a great movie
that is so beautiful and enchanting
to create a masterpiece with message
loved one are shot in the street ,
this is not cheap cardboard british science fiction ,
on a rare week
and die a death more horrible than the baddy and their oken neck you find in those kung fu movie ?
this film showed their best performance .
as i enjoyed the 'original ' .
both are thoroughly enjoyable film in their own right .
the plot is ridiculous and refreshing ,
also recommended are film such as tetsuo :
filled with wonderful obscurity and bloodshed .
melvyn dougla and joan blondell co-star in `` the amazing mr. william
probably due to the number of incredible film
as he is about to walk down the aisle yet again.both star were excellent at comedy ,
edward brophy and donald mcbride are on hand for excellent support.as
one of our greatest actor .
as we begin to see the subtle and overt way
and many other good film noir.as the different layer are revealed ,
it is also clever and entertaining.i would call it an enjoyable movie ,
and it is alway interesting to see film noir from other country .
this is so bad ,
it is funny .
to make a movie just for fun .
but you can also find funny stuff like intestine pulled through someone 's ass and a guy running in the wood then finding himself decapitated by a wire
it again.shia labeouf should be nominated for best actor for his performance as stanley yelnat .
he has alredy won the daytime emmy for best actor in a comedy series
hole is one of the best movie in 2003 .
any die hard de niro fan will get a kick out of an early performance by arguably the best actor today .
which was not all that great .
it was a great tribute to the western serial of year ago .
it was not meant to be a great cinema experience ,
it was a fun
excellent
why do not they release these great little movie ,
it starts out funny and endearing with an energy
it begins to drag and everything become sickingly predictable .
i could stomach another predictable love story
that could be worse
and unfortunately that was also the case with dead letter office .
unfortunately
it is the paedophile 's perfect dream of innocence
horrible
horrible
horrible.what else have we got in this mish mash ?
though completely and utterly pointless
( `` it serves no function !
that are even worse than this ,
joseph cali is especially terrible .
to get to g. the rest of the cast is solid
( and wasted in their respective role ) .
the whole thing can be a great deal of fun in a trashy sort of way .
if you are looking for some fun ...
this is an excellent movie .
the cast is a great mix of character
this movie is so bad ,
very bad acting very bad plot very bad moviedo
and do not watch it 1/10
this could very well be the worst movie ever !
like i was on a bad acid trip the whole time ,
this may be funny !
it will probably be bad
but still a little funny ''
we were not prepared for how awful this movie could be .
pokemon is stupid can die .
) i also enjoyed having miramax in charge instead of warner brother .
putting the mini movie at the end was a great idea .
who funded this crap ?
the idea is great but the acting
script and directing is just plain awful !
the joke are so not funny ,
no comment - stupid movie ,
acting average or worse ... screenplay - no sense at all ... skip it !
bill crain 's rarer than rare 'slasher ' movie certainly does not follow the standard stalk and slash guideline
just as wally koz 's surprisingly decent 555 was seemingly put together with help from various member of his family ,
four undeniably beautiful youngster head out into the sand for a night of debauchery and frolic
the film is stylishly photographed with some superb work from dp michael crain ,
the divine jennifer mcallister does a superb job as the heroine and b.g .
the casting director chose wisely to pick some of the most beautiful female ever slaughtered in slasher cinema
watch out for the superb nightmare sequence
unfortunately you have probably got more chance
recommended .
'singh is kinng ' was fun ,
his latest outing as a filmmaker 'london dream ' comes up as his career weakest fare .
'london dream ' has a mediocre storyline ,
this film has maybe the worst climax in recent time .
the first hour is boring ,
who destroyed you with such a great reception ?
but the music by shankar-eshaan-loy is terrible .
salman is superb though .
asin is wasted ,
and what is a great talent like om puri
what a wonderful
( played wonderfully by david kelly ) .
( perfectly played by peter o'toole )
that what ings the star to earth.the star crash in the form of a beautiful woman
as they are constantly trying to kill each other - and just as in `` pirate of the caribbean '' - never has death been so funny .
michelle pfeiffer is wonderful
she makes a perfect damsel .
and mark strong add the perfect dose of levity as the fighting prince whom ,
perfectly written
perfectly cast
perfectly directed
and perfectly acted .
in other word ... perfect .
i have a huge respect for gillian anderson 's incredible talent as a varied and versatile actress -
a great idea and there were some genuinely thought-provoking theme in there
it is tedious
that is terrible ' reaction.alice is not the kind of woman
she is got a great job
bitter and dissatisfied before her life takes a turn for the worst .
that is in keeping with the incredible suspense and action of the first two film .
and the lame ending of the original was replaced by a huge victory celeation spanning the entire galaxy
which of the three film was the best ,
in this case personified as german and french miner forced to be closed off from each other after the great war thank to a new border ,
that piece and turn the great war into merely a prelude .
that pabst really believes or at least wants to hope for this kind of fundamantal humanism ,
to get a positive message
8/10
which ends in a ridiculous manner ,
as sin has an even more ridiculous
ending in this respect .this is a very poor thriller
this movie is one of the most awful i
not only is the dialogue awful ,
find out for yourself how terrible this film is .
let 's see where to begin ... bad acting ;
from it is lifeless characters.to call the main character a rapper is an insult to the person
bad lighting
poor sound post production .
bad special effect ,
who directed it.i have seen some really bad flick in the past year
do not waste your time
sadly
and the `` message ''
at a kindergarten level.unfortunately
this is the worst one yet .
where in the book.i find it a great disservice to janette oke
the book are excellent and ,
would make excellent movie !
and the acting is even worse .
they wasted their opportunity
this was terrible .
let 's be honest here - this film is just so much fun !
and is backed up by a great supporting cast
but highly welcome appearance by horror movie favourite michael berryman.best scene ?
and is all the more fun for it .
great fun from start to finish !
annoying long
this is definitely one of the best kung fu movie ever ,
and may be one of the best movie ever ...
it is got a great plot
that function like a puzzle
the style of each of these character are fun to watch
this is also a fun movie .
there is bad dubbing ,
all this just adds to the greatness of the film.and lets not forget
how beautiful the movie really is .
but in a subtle way his skill permeate every scene and every shot
and they add greatly to the quality of the work .
and it is fun ,
that oliver twist and similar story are not my favorite ,
and this was a great example of just that ... so of course
by putting silly song into a perfectly good story ?
it is not going to be the japanese version.the show is great .
( incredible
to the really bad
but this was easily the worst movie i have ever seen
it was a `` when it this stupid thing going to end ? ''
it is insulting to the intelligence of anyone over 3 ) ,
but i have never seen something so predictable
bad in every respect .
it is a mediocre romantic comedy
played by the fantastic ms. megan fox .
the only redeeming quality is the outrageous gore .
the dubbing was worse
its one of the worst movie i have ever seen
the woman are beautiful ,
this is the best movie i
there was another great movie
there was another great movie
best movie ever ! ! ! ! !
i do not intend to do a summary of this excellent movie ,
also impressing is the climax with its wonderful flying carpet .
in a superb moment of cinematic conceit
being full of greater incident and more fantastical in nature.three small song pepper the piece ,
it is all great fun ;
because she is decided that the best way
what a great comic talent
seeing the girl from missouri is a sad reminder of the great loss
behold i am the great mother of # an inaudible word i could not make out no matter how many time i rewound the tape
directed by philippe mora this is one strange mess of a film .
it is poorly edited as certain sequence just jump around incoherently .
and is never dull or boring
who enjoy 'bad ' film this
is right up there with the best of them .
the special make-up effect range from good to poor
the soundtrack is dominated by awful rock music
acting is weak all round
basically the whole thing is a real mess ,
but i found it a fairly entertaining mess all the same .
but became a great frustration later on .
if the rest of the movie did little to avoid a clich\u00e9d plot ?
the performance are just plain bad .
the villain is just another `` annoying crazy antagonist ''
i am giving it 2/10 for the first let say 10 minute of movie .
arguably one of the very finest director of hollywood noir film .
who had mastered the rare and delicate art
than it does to conventional film noir attitude and trapping .
were so ridiculously unbelievable
but this is pathetic !
watch the wonderful 1999 bbc adaptation .
was boring
i considered that maybe keaton did do some funny fall and physical comedy .
a very funny scene
the actor excellent
three great comedian !
this movie was absolutely wonderful .
the pre-partition time and culture has been recreated beautifully .
her fragile relationship with manoj bajpai has been depicted excellently .
even by b-movie standard this movie is dreadful .
mija is a completely unsympathetic hooker ,
has had a terrible life .
she is such a terrible person
a movie can be recommended for ,
it is such a ridiculous movie
it insults the person
but is a crowd-pleasing beautiful film
that hits some great notes.for those fan wanting the element
surrounding landholding and the stallion with a bad attitude from the first film
and that is the plot.the best thing
filling the solid shoe of kirk douglas was never going to be easy and brian dennehy stomp and shout
however the funny thing about this film is that in amongst some glaring clich\u00e9s
poor acting
poor editing ,
poor directing ... laughable `` plot '' ,
they just do not make film this bad anymore .
i loved good time with the rest of many of you .
the writer on this show were fantastic
it was a wonderful ending and i cried
that this kind of ending ring true in actually for many.a great show and many other great show followed
and the best writer were awesome at that time .
and away the worst movie i have ever seen in my entire life .
boring
not funny
that lost 8 buck on a terrible movie .
i hated it.avoid .
this film was horrible .
the editing and lighting effect are worse
it would be enjoyable
i highly recommend some kind of ineiationit is a total waste of what little production value it has .
is now just a great big yawnaroony .
the rest of the cast are pretty forgettable ,
comes very close to duplicating the fun and style of the thin man film ,
it is a wonderfully fun ,
and it is fun
( `` the angel and the bad man '' )
but lacks a bit of the proper wit and sizzle.while
it is not so bad it is good ;
it is just bad.it should also be mentioned that among critic ,
there are some redeeming quality to this show .
it is not excrement but i do find it very annoying.i would not say
that it is the best animated show on planet earth .
it gets poked fun at .
fairly odd parent is the worst animated show on planet earth .
it is annoying ,
but it is not the worst show on nickolodean .
but the worst animated show i have ever
unfunny and frankly a disgrace.one thing
and a lot of the background are dull
the character with the exception of wanda i find very annoying .
he is annoying and sometimes patronising ,
and he is a poor decision maker as well .
another annoying character is cosmo
the supposedly funny character .
his joke are as unfunny
timmy 's parent are awful character ,
even worse is the script
very unfunny
not the worst show ever ,
but pretty poor for an animation fan ,
3/10- there are redeeming quality ,
its truly awful .
his best performance was i think in `` beyond border '' .
how bad the movie was .
you are stupid to go watch this movie
sergej trifunovic
( a surprisingly decent duff aping her own celeity with tongue- through-cheek )
but for all intense and purpose there are sadly more miss
than hit in this oad try for laugh amidst political message
and has one of the film 's funniest laugh-out line :
it gets much worse
i have truly enjoyed watching it and highly recommend it .
before finishing this review i would also like to mention the great performance of thomas orange in the role of zac \u0096 reminded me of a friend of mine from my own childhood
but it was very funny ;
disappointment and excitement of these girl .
and the ridiculousness of the current policy is obvious to one
or worse ,
ian tracey is a superb actor - the only one with a vague redeeming momant ,
but his talent is wasted here.as for the rest of the plot \u0096
sadly this is why
but the script is weak .
because there are great one
i stopped short of giving `` mr. blanding builds his dream house '' 10/10 due to an aspect
and muriel blanding
the story unrecognizable and the whole point seems to be to replace the subtle horror of the original with as many special effect computer can generate .
that this update was bad ;
it was that bad ,
after watching this and saying to my wife how awful it was ,
if there is no profit in making lousy re-make ,
that does not insult their audience
she had amazing comedic timing .
the joke in this film were surprisingly original
and really funny with one or two flat joke in between .
7/10 - overall its a worthwhile cinema watch ,
present and future collide in a wildly chaotic and unpredictable manner .
the funky special effect offer an inspired combo of gnarly miniature
a fun flick .
this would have to be one of the funniest tv sitcom
and in this complements the rest of the ensemble cast to perfection .
david spade continues to tickle my funny bone enormously with his quite unique delivery of his line .
`` coupling '' i can see from just where the creator of `` rule of engagement '' got their original idea ,
having been a part of a professional tv comedy writing team for the best part of 7 year in australia ,
that i enjoyed a lot more than this one .
despite some misjudgement on the writer ' behalf ,
7/10 bethany cox .
i felt terrible for the st. bernard .
an excellent movie for pre-pubescent suburban boy .
the shot with the st bernard was the best
had turned into fun and enjoyable character ,
even though they prevent their character from ever becoming a total bore or perhaps even annoying
the movie relies too much on its simple story and predictable way
of storytelling.nevertheless the movie is simply still a very fun one to watch maybe
without ever seeing.7/10
the last twenty minute of brinke 's bloody rampage are quite fun to watch.the special effect for example laughable decapitated head are truly awful.better watch `` scalps '' or `` alien dead '' again.of course i are not expecting classy entertainment from fred olen ray ,
but `` haunting fear '' is too dull to be enjoyable .
but the movie was a convoluted mess .
some part were funny in a black humor kind of way ,
the screenplay to the horrible visual effect
boring tripe at that .
this is an absolutely incredible film .
it is the best historic film i
and do not have any fun or crack a smile through the whole film ,
and gets even annoying to watch at times.it may sound weak and clich\u00e9
both cast and crew had lot of fun
for a comedy it simply is not funny enough and steve and terri irwin just are not good actor ,
distracting and unnecessary and even annoying at times.the movie had quite some potential ,
the movie however heavily suffer from its weak story and the incoherent story line with uninteresting and unfunny character .
felt like a waste of time .
but the story line really completely ruin the movie and its potential.4/10
take a masterpiece of literary fiction and stupidly foul
a very important and fascinating character
doing that obnoxious
( william wyler 's `` ben-hur '' is an excellent example ) .
but this is horrible and depressing not only as an adaptation of a novel
but as a film unto itself.the story is dull and clich\u00e9d ,
are just shallow and boring shadow of guthrie 's literary vision .
and unfortunately
is even worse.in my opinion ,
`` the big sky '' further solidify howard hawks ' place as one of the most overrated
message to the victim :
message to the director :
just seemed like a cheaper film
-- with poor writing
that at least much of the blame for this lies in casting jayne mansfield .
-- an actor generally loved for his grace and class .
as he was very funny on the carol burnett show .
and unfortunately many of the joke end up falling flat .
that is even a worse `` gremlin '' knockoff .
and it is also really lame to see korman
best to skip this one ,
it starred one of the best film villain of all time ,
was based on a beloved series of child 's book ,
price is wickedly enjoyable ,
still suffers from a completely dull script ,
blandly generic voice work
terrible song ,
that would not have been out of place on any of disney 's mid-1980s saturday morning tv shows.this was a complete disappointment to me .
it is amazing that this movie was nearly contemporary with the secret of nimh .
that keeps this from being `` awful '' goes to price and mancini .
etc.good movie with a good message .
and at most offered some cheap laugh and reminisced about the time
nothing great
unfortunately
five bad movie for the price of one !
each segment features the very worst in acting
if only the same could be said for the day i set my vcr to record this cobblers.. 2/10
you do not need to be warned about the unsubtle attempt at propaganda and manipulation in the movie .
because that is so very predictable .
because this is a very boring movie .
edwin porter 's 1903 short film entitled `` the great train robbery '' burst onto the screen with so much excitement and ingenuity
perhaps i am jaded by the clich\u00e9 modern western and their haphazard message ,
`` the great train robbery '' seemed forced
it is bland .
porter 's film is boring .
which felt cheap
it just is not a great film.overall ,
`` the great train robbery '' has lost its space in the time capsule of cinema.grade :
that is so bad
those poor thug.now
and what an awful film .
please avoid at all cost better still have all your tooth taken out with no anaesthetic cos
i had not wasted my money
as the film was so poor .
that how bad this film was .
this movie was one of the funniest movie i
between crazy and downright ludicrous is great .
this predictable romantic comedy never loses its touching emotional element
that it is great to see how it plays out .
that this movie is great
holly wants so bad to get into haverty conservatory .
it is really funny
en route to a poignant ending.both funny and depressing
the casting is perfect ;
it won the best picture oscar of 1969 ,
and i would vote it as one of the best film of that cyclonic decade .
both of whom offer some great laugh
that over her dead body actually was not as bad
but actually this was not too bad .
the movie could have been funnier
but instead we get the average predictable romantic comedy
that will leave with with an empty feeling.4/10
its greatness held my attention to such an extent
but to anyone who likes great movie period
the style of art is beautiful ,
the sound is perfect ,
firstly there is the laughable prologue to the film
the film fails on all level .
as the prison condition are often far worse than depicted .
that no matter how bad we think
it is pristine by comparison to much of the rest of the world.unfortunately ,
either the guard or the viewer are utter blockheads.the story also fails to ing closure to the nagging question
the ending was excellent and the result unexpected.the
was very solid and well done .
her 's was the best performance in the film.bill pullman was miscast as the lawyer .
i gave it a 7/10 .
i also enjoyed seeing budapest
sadly
was quite weak
i would have enjoyed this movie a lot better
this was god awful .
because of horrible editing .
`` the celluloid closet '' is an excellent documentary .
i thoroughly enjoyed `` wigstock :
too bad his acting did nothing for me .
buddy.3/10 .
is very lame .
( the machine guns on the jeep were not bad ,
then this piece is perfect for you -
it is dull and absolutely boring .
i can not think of a better way to jumpstart a christmas feel than this little gem .
very disappointing ,
another excellent character study )
it would be a really excellent film
rated 8/10 .
that fails in pretty much every department :
to get really messy
way too much dreadful dialogue
the movie quickly becomes extremely boring .
this great movie is `` about '' so many thing ,
fascinating time-travel movie ever conceived .
doing the best work of his career here ) .
( the wonderful madeleine stowe ) .
just after jame has decided to quit the whole mess \u0096
funny ,
and suspenseful stuff.the supporting cast is excellent
and showing great flexibility as jeffery goine
too.this is one of the great achievement of the 90s
a true favorite of mine ,
it looks like a picture with a message
this movie tells pointless story of a new york press agent and about his problem .
to figure out how meaningless and dull this movie is .
to one of the best actor in the world
that deserves the title `` the most boring and the most pointless motion picture of the year '' .
is a very cute and funny sequel for everyone - kid and adult ... like me
it has great animation ,
my favorite out of the three
but it is a lot of fun .
there are some wonderful old clich like `` the accident ''
it can be fun .
this is probably the best of askey 's movie .
to portray the inner world of his characters- the claustrophobia and drama inherent in the conflict on board a nuclear submarine was embodied in the excellent use of long lens
like any great painting the meaning in `` domino '' is in the surface
not as bad
though obviously pathetic compared to the original .
in my opinion amitabh was great
other than some mediocre action scene however
character development was poor
the worst part of the movie was the support role from nisha kothari and especially this new dude
nisha is just plain annoying from the time her lip first open .
rgv 's aag is worth watching for amitabh 's solid performance ,
awful effect ,
that is about the most awful
you really do need very thick skin and a love of the awful
i was very disappointed with the movie .
but the hollywood portrayal of this `` british little big horn '' was truly boring.the amount of film footage
boring and their character were never developed .
i would cringe with disappointment .
their given line were so weak and meaningless
these were the same two great actor
who portrayed lawrence of arabia and the bird man of alcatraz respectively.there are worse epic ,
that she played a 23-24 year old amazingly well .
it is about the best thing reeves ever did .
the musical score is excellent .
the best thing about this movie was the splendid cinematography ,
the incredible
mr. veidt is most fun to watch ;
the passage of thirty year allows the telling to be backed up by an impressive and fascinating panoply of the very individual involved ,
the lesson bought at such a horrible cost in those day
should not have been wasted
who did not see firsthand the terrible price.i
( who for some reason still mimes bruce 's gesture and fighting style - very poorly ) .
can we say stupid ?
the acting was terrible !
unless one has nothing else to do i would avoid this one at all cost .
this was a waste of two hour of my life .
predictable double cross .
evil mastermind fails to honor promise to reluctant employee .
using loved one 's murder as justification for misguided crusade.i
i felt bad for him .
and i can see similarity vaguely.not a bad film
but with a great story and very ( believable )
.you could call it a companion piece to great japan movies/cinema
great acting
that are truly gem .
this is a truly terrible film.i
die happy.unutterably dull ,
and they were not disappointed
bernard l. kowalski was one great creative director !
to plan out the 'perfect murder ' in advance
robert culp is truly great as the short tempered brimmer .
funny thing is that he would later star in three different columbo movie again and one `` mrs. columbo '' episode
also the great ray milland makes an appearance in this movie
a real great early columbo movie and among the better one out of the long running series of movie.9/10
the scene i saw were as bad as an ed wood movie .
it was a hundred time worse .
of being the worst director
is the worst director ever.the american cop
that his partner might be a bad cop
the dialog is totally stupid ,
the acting is awful ,
it has to be one of the worst movie i
and i will not waste anymore time
there are at least two great movie with character with drinking problem :
the forgettable `` written on the wind '' is entertaining only
for the best description as to what really goes on in this training .
this has to be one of the very worst comedy ever made .
mike meyer and a few other have made some very bad comedy ,
this however is the absolute bottom of the barrel.it is unfunny from the very opening
who i normally like must have needed her paycheck badly .
i am not that stupid :
sadly
were handled badly .
what is sad is that there were lot of possibility for this to be a fascinating movie .
it stunk.i would mention some of the incredibly stupid element of the ending of the movie ,
that these character are so stupid
the worst one is the lack of closet space !
a great comedy writing team from that era
jim blanding
that jim could not really afford.the film is fun
and makes the most out of jim blanding .
turned lawyer for the blanding ,
one of the blanding girl
the great louise beaver plays gussie ,
a must see film with great dialogue
great music
great acting and a superb atmosphere.in the film you will follow 8 person for one day in the city of antwerp ,
boring
apparently this messed up that kid for the rest of his life ,
it is 1980 and messed up boy work in a toy factory .
do not open this mess
but this one sucked bad .
this was quite possibly the worst movie i have ever seen .
and the writing was absolutely horrible .
the movie 's only redeeming factor is that it is so incredibly bad
that it is quite funny .
1/10 .
that a life as a civilian will be pointless .
was the best scene in `` sniper '' .
a great and truly independent film
who also wrote wrote the truly awful nightwatch with ewan macgregor and directed such trash as out of sight with the anti-talented jennifer lopez .
he involved himself in such a bad film .
( could be translated as `` the most beloved among human '' ) ,
all the great ingredient for a great movie recipe.one of the greatest romanian movie ,
( quite rare ) .
message for lady ! ! !
overall this movie is dreadful ,
though the movie would be great ,
was just awful
and pointless too .
in my opinion it was a waste of an hour of my life .
to make it sound quite amazing
by a few fight and a boring story .
it is one of the best movie i have seen in the last 2 year
home alone 3 was not horrible ,
home alone 3 had some funny part ,
there is a very annoying chick
it it is very boring .
how could they think up something this bad .
complete waste of time .
unfortunately his car eaks down too
which it does not do to any great effect .
than it is just dull
and funny thing in this movie
funny movie
it could be a fun group movie or even the basis of a drinking game
wow this is the worst movie ever .
but i watched it all the way to the end just to get let down again with an absolutely terrible ending .
its terrible acting with a terrible plot .
so i feel bad for all the person
solid mystery story
to be any fun .
the best murder mystery ,
is a great example .
yet subtle work
one of the best movie for all age .
and enjoyed a movie so much in a long time.take time out and watch this with the kid .
that seemed muddled at best and absent at worst.crispin glover
me most was how poorly the film
( not great ) ,
but used poorly .
i loved the animated series
and then i was severely disappointed .
is the best batman villain of all time
his design was the worst part .
do not waste your time on this show
as cheap tat -
who supports the poor person in his country ,
his worst `` sin ''
what can be so bad about that ?
castro started turning the corporation in cuba toward the need of the poor instead of the fat cat .
but why does our medium and government have such a problem with sharing with the poor ?
especially where the poorest of the poor live in the world .
poor special effect were another detraction for me.on top of that ,
amazingly handsome guy
who looks like an employee of the month from best buy ,
and gave him a really bad fake accent .
it was not a bad movie ,
and pull a gun on him with only one bullet and waste it
and if the ending did not suck so bad !
do not waste your money on this movie
a series of lame prank are pulled on some of the guest
making this one incoherent mess .
the perfect space fantasy film .
but sadly ,
that sucks so bad.i can not say it enough ,
this film is so great
a perfect girl for this film .
this film is the best for sure .
it should of been the other way aroundexcellent 10/10- 0r maybe 11/10 .
a waste of a perfectly lovely saturday evening.even `` silent hill '' was scarier .
it got such great review here
and i was not disappointed .
and i do not want to forget to mention the incredible small fury animal with his hazenut .
it is funny
you know a great ghost story ,
it is perfection on film .
this is just a disrespectful boring shame
that will waste your time and i guarantee will deliver no scare pfft !
wild theo and `` bad sleeper '' luke sanderson along with doctor marrow .
it is really stupid and pointless .
that they would trash a wonderful classic with this crud .
how you can turn a great ghost story into an annoying piece of overblown stupid .
i loved it ,
that apart from eric stoltz i did not recognise one person - this is refreshing
well done to ronald d. moore and team - excellent job .
and it pains her.the other leg of the apex is a beautiful `` fille fatale '' blonde vamp .
i found this film fascinating
although the reading of person mind via computer sounds fantastic
as a scientific exercise with philosophical underpinning it is fascinating .
best actor and actress 4 the person
that this was a great movie.this `` movie ''
who contributed in these waste of time please
what was fun ...
except for the fun part.it is my second least favorite so far ,
it was worse than 'lazarus ' and 'ghost in the machine'.let 's start with the good .
being the great animal lover
it was fun seeing so many beautiful animal in this episode.but
then there is all the bad ,
the dialog was also pretty awful .
and worst of all ,
but sadly so far in his directing career its true .
bad directing
its like watching a bad tv soap ...
so one can not lay the blame on john hambley 's script .
fun-filled movie ... .. instead
the film is a hopelessly dull affair
that becomes quite tedious to watch .
as it happens - on poor unsuspecting human .
sophie and the bfg become great friend ,
to capture the bad giant
but his good work is almost ruined by somewhat poor sound quality .
that is imaginatively animated - sophie lacks appeal ,
and the giant are boringly designed
being nothing more than a barren wasteland with occasional rock and canyon .
yet it drags quite badly in part due to the soporific handling of several sequence .
the same section is totally killed by unfunny handling .
fun and enjoyment ,
unfortunately
is a perfect
and everyone of them is having one of the greatest performance of their career .
branagh 's version of `` hamlet '' is among the ten best motion pictures ever .
excellent portrayal ,
in a funky way .
all flirtatious moment are shared between only between the other and sister.the weakest part of gladiator was the incest thing .
that they were not killing for fun but to save the one they loved !
heath ledger and orlando bloom did a great job portraying ned and joe .
could become boring .
they spoke of how utterly amazing and miraculous certain event in surfing history were yet
and the whole time you are waiting to see on the silver screen this amazing
that i enjoyed watching ;
the movie itself is not too bad ;
the face is a bad rip-off of legola ,
the posture is horrible ,
too bad i was wrong .
but i had not seen her silent comedy and this film is wonderful .
also did a funny rabbit imitation whenever
will be the greatest star ever .
she is going to be a great dramatic actress
she is a fantastic comic .
and at the preview she is a great success .
there is a funny scene
when she calls him a cheap clown he realises
( a magnificent panning shot of some of the greatest star of the day )
that billy is the one for her.it was amazing
was great - especially in the cafeteria scene ,
he had wonderful comic timing .
am giving this film 10/10.highly
highly recommended .
it is also very refreshing to see a film
as being either `` good '' or `` evil '' .richard farnsworth turns in a beautiful performance
called `` fantafestival '' .i find it terrible
was a disappointment .
imagine my disappointment .
the film was either badly
another thing is that the dialogue was pretty much bad .
almost annoyed at the pointlessness of it all .
was the message ?
pointless .
can someone help me understand this mess of a film ?
the film fails to shock .
that it becomes ridiculous .
the worst presentation of martial art i have ever seen .
the film might be interesting for low budget movie designer as a bad example .
john become so interested in beautiful nadium
that instead of using the full refund policy of the matching service ,
happens henceforth in the plot really shakes poor john from his slumber of a decently-paid safe-feeling clerk into a decision-making decently thinking action figure ,
giving the viewer a subliminal message
cassel and kassovitz make a great team acting russian
great acting ,
for the great story ,
and everyone else for this great movie !
too bad really
because they had a solid cast
who knows how to move thing around and excellent cinematography .
i thoroughly enjoyed this movie
jame arness is a great actor
another great actor in this move was raul julia ,
i found it refreshing to think
john wayne makes a poor `` cameo ''
i loved the banter and strong line between the actor .
who is great and beautiful as lilly .
a good cast is appallingly wasted in this slower than molass and haphazardly connived comedy .
this film is awful .
badly directed .
badly edited .
badly acted .
badly written .
to come across one this bad.the muddled
how he does it is beyond lameness and credibility
the surprise twist of an ending is more laughable than everything that came before .
one of the most unfunny
poorly paced 'comedy ' i have ever seen ,
and certainly the worst caper .
do not waste your time .
fantastic
was solid enough ...
that alan tracey was so obnoxious in the film
3/10
but this is just complete stupidity .
was a waste of the legion of doom ,
mr. perfect would have had to put in overtime .
was wasted here .
and this was the third ppv in a row where perfect jobbed .
possibly the best of the night .
ted dibiase and the undertaker were excellent ,
that the point of the match was dibiase 's boring feud with dusty rhodes.even
then go right back to his mediocre career .
and the warrior win together at the end.this show was boring
it would be a great film .
that a great cinematographer can almost single-handedly carry a film .
who understands perfectly
there is a real subtle magic
or the great soundtrack by jame horner
is a very dull movie .
unfortunately there is not one interesting character in the movie except for billy drago 's character
however in this movie gross plays hiram gummer a very poor and boring substitute .
that is boring
and got this mess for free ,
it is best to forget
the legend begins rate a 3/10 .
and this role does add perspective to oate ' otherwise fantastic 1971 output
do not waste your time with this !
it is sad enough to see some badly made film
the character are really bad .
it is also damn funny from start to finish ,
and just plain awful situation .
my favorite comedy
but it is a scene of great rush and excitement nonetheless .
another great line about the mating issue between girlfriend :
`all the great guy are never around .
that are coolly fantastic .
because this movie is absolutely fantastic and deserved much more coverage over here .
i ordered this extremely rare and highly overrated movie on ebay with very high expectation .
this was going to be great !
the murder are boring .
is incredibly bad .
but unfortunately in this case it does not help the movie .
and this is the worst thing about this flick .
it is just bad film-making from point a to b.
though it is extremely funny and amusing to watch with your friend and a lot of beer ,
do not waste your time watching necro file !
when you have bad acting ,
bad directing
terrible lighting
and awful effect ?
but i do not want to waste my time .
although the lighting was terrible ,
too bad the lighting did not compliment it .
just terrible .
but to me the good stuff in this movie very much outweighs the bad ... what is not so good about the movie are indeed sometimes the dialogue
and the cast is incredible
great cast
great acting .
excellent movie !
this is actually one of the weak point about the film ,
it is amazing how he puts into effect a illiant plan
as the acting and most of the writing was great .
peter ustinov and maggie smith were just wonderful.if i seem to have interpreted the end ,
there is plenty of fun
this one 's for you ... 7/10
unless you view all of the american pie spin-off a waste of money .
perhaps the worst criticism is that very little in the way of excitement or adventure happen
if this movie would get unintentionally funnier and funnier towards the end .
and probably the worst prosecutor on earth .
she has an amazing hourglass figure .
about when she is supposed to be surprisingly down to earth .
a mess of genre
the production is excellent
the new master gets mad at the now 20+ year old boy for not pretending to be hurt by the master 's weak punch
the boy is found throwing garbage into a basket from an incredible distance by a man
recommended .
who has seen this movie and reviewed it poorly ,
it 3 1/2 stars.this is a great movie .
it may not be perfect
but i enjoyed it .
that too much time was wasted on the romance between zach and cassie .
who has dreamed of becoming a broadway star watch this movie with a great feeling of relationship
this is a great musical .
i thoroughly enjoyed it .
everyone i have recommended this film
to has enjoyed it .
to begin training.great movie .
wonderfully fun child 's movie with surely the most appealing novice witch ever .
headmaster of the defunct witchcraft school ,
both wonderful fantasy story for child .
but the movie features excellent special effect .
hewitt decide aaron would be perfect for her first human experiment .
brilliant
that is quite simply put terrible in every possible way ,
but ended up as one of the most boring and dull sci-fi channel film i have seen
hyid is awful ,
the script is terrible and i am not even sure
and becomes some sort of horrible drama
ungrateful and annoying person
the problem is why do they want aaron so badly ?
the ending is hilariously bad with a half naked
but makes it even more funny .
yet it is all so ridiculous ,
silly and boring you will not care one bit
as soon as aaron wakes up in bed his eye are perfect with no swelling or even redness .
but is bland and forgettable .
the acting is poor from all involved none of whom i have seen
before and hopefully never again.hyid is a terrible film
but is far from that and most person will really struggle to get to the awful ending
this is easily the worst sequel ever made.they killed navin johnson .
not only was mark blankfield 's performance god-awful ,
flat and predictable .
but it is completely great
is a very rare horror/chiller from 1990 ,
that the acting was so lame
i nearly gave this movie 6/10 ,
i will give it 7/10 .
this is the best movie
and best cinema to be seen by this reviewer in a long time .
and it becomes deadly boring.i do not begrudge the pleasure other viewer
every flaw in the movie is easily overcome by the many amazing thing
it is an extremely beautiful movie ,
when a loved one is lost .
this theme is superbly portrayed in the short film 'tulip ' ,
'tulip ' is a beautifully wrought
they paint a perfect picture of happiness.sadly ,
an effective scene of fading car highlight will 's isolation and vulnerability at the end of the day of the funeral .
and solidly portrayed
the character of ruth is wonderfully carried out by jean bain .
they also add a subtle humor to the bittersweet story.an anecdote from griffth ' childhood ,
beautifully shot and superbly acted ,
( his character transition was excellent ) .
and do not seem to get too awful serious
how incredible they would be made into a film .
the film was disappointing .
several character are poorly cast
not a bad actor ,
just an incredibly bad choice
and fails to exhibit many of the feature
you will be bitterly disappointed .
mainly due to very lack-luster editing and poor effect .
the bumbled story line and dull-as-ditch-water script are the final nail in the very cheap coffin of this film .
( a wonderful cathy moriarty ,
can be pretty damn funny !
that lot of time the funniest thing are not said
and are clearly having a great time
shue is clearly the weakest link here ,
all very funny )
the dialogue is boiling over with great line ,
doing what they do best
and having a great time
this is not one of those review about poor special effect or technology ,
are not so bad by film standard ,
along with some semblance of reason in the actions.this film lacks both .
enjoyed the story
and enjoyed seeing an older patrick swayze as the hero .
hoorah for character line to go along with a great smile .
this film is terrible .
`` lantana '' was great.the
it looks great ,
some of the performance are ok. the bad thing
as the character 's life seem just as bad before the fishing trip as after .
bland character
and horrible synthesized music
if extremely rare-but it dates this movie horrendously.we meet 4 young college student ,
except that mandm as presented is more boring than their mundane life .
getting worse in more way than one .
the low budget comes dreadfully clear ,
just a laughable piece of 80 's tv trash ,
the majority is mostly boring ,
not that he could go much worse from here .
and fun-loving alpha male
half of the fun here is watching the principal trying to outwit each other
one of canada 's national film board 's best animator .
in turn a mentor and collaborator for the great drouin .
are placed in opposition with the anonymity of the gloved hand .
the poor puppet hero is condemned
the invasion by the hand is a complete violation of that world.beautiful and haunting film .
i found a copy of this and other wonderful short by trnka at the public liary
besides being funny as hell ,
i also saw this amazingly bad piece of `` anime '' at the london sci-fi festival .
the animation is awful .
it is badly designed and badly executed .
it can still be funny today ,
unsubtle humour can make it a bit of a cringer .
his ocker aussie attitude is funny ,
but also becomes annoying as the film drags on .
crocker 's song are the best bit ,
5/10
which is beloved for its subtlety .
the only other film like it-in term of its religious message-would have to be tolkin 's `the rapture .
-- but the fun is
was mediocre at best
a real person would.this film would not have been bad
insulting criticism for this film ,
it is a drama with depth beyond how far you can stick a blade into someone with a reverence for a message
draws upon one 's empathetic imagination to experience other 's suffering of mind and spirit .
the other just laughed and commented on how stupid it was .
but then i loved babe
to watch this particular little sci-fi/horror gem .
and the film furthermore profit from great scenery and an excellent photography .
that is capable of causing great beneficence and great destruction alike ...
but they are both excellent as usual .
france drake makes a very good female lead in her role of dr rukh 's beautiful young wife .
the film 's greatest quality are probably the atmosphere due to great setting and photography
as well as the wonderfully cheesy and highly entertaining storyline .
he is fantastic as always ,
`` the invisible ray '' is a wonderfully entertaining film
a bland leading man .
and fails to show any basic start
and gives murphy one of his best role .
but even an occasional observer should be able to understand that 'ridiculous ' is where hollywood 's idea of mysticism begin and end .
it is funny
and features some great voice acting .
but that is what makes them so funny .
finally someone bumped `` stop-loss '' from the 'worst iraq war movie ever ' number one spot .
but this was really bad .
the writer should be given the `` credit '' for this waste of a film .
was there a message ?
it is nowhere near as entertaining or fun .
unfortunately
kate capshaw was excellent too.i especially liked the scene ,
but it was fantastic for a space nut like me .
ms. harron has crafted a work of subtle subversion .
it is not very obnoxious at the least
the director had in casting mitchum or carradine is squandered on at best pedestrian and at worst excruciatingly banal and dumb dialog .
it too is stupidly staged and with only sleazy appeal .
( bad print with bad transfer quality )
i really enjoyed the pilot ,
it was as amazing as i hoped
to be one of the best series ,
and keeps their spirit up by swanning around with an annoyingly constant smile on his face
de sica then uses a sublimely subtle dramatic device
why these poor sod are where they are .
brilliant !
of having the poor folk flying off over the milan duomo and on to a higher place on oomstick .
that these person are so poor ,
and there are some funny scene .
that could greatly affect the life of someone else
its a small world and this little movie shows us.the bad thing :
is but its still a great movie.its a great movie and many person compare
which i have not seen.8/10not rated
pointless boring film with charismatic mercurio completely wasted .
and avoided by the entire population of sydney except me and four other back of beyond is a project seemingly
but paul mercurio should have become one of australia 's greatest export on screen .
and film like this are just a waste of talent and time .
and this was the first softcore flick with a solid story behind it
played beautifully by porn star chelsea blue .
`` she is not a bad girl ? ''
who comes over and wastes no time
nicole sheridan 's four scene were the best of the movie ,
`` behind bedroom door '' had a great storyline ,
-- she was not that bad as the antagonist .
( solid
very solid sex scene .
that had eluded big a ever since his first \u0096 and imho best \u0096 film night trip .
was rarely more than a reliable second-stringer ,
adding spice to several ona zee bargain basement noir ,
beautiful blonde kylie ireland and yvonne ,
foreshadows the greatness to come
best of show must be the imaginative sequence
the director shows great eye for detail ,
this marks him out as a great filmmaker rather than a merely serviceable one ,
one of the hardest-eaking and best bodysurfing spot in the world .
but actually working the faces like a fun day at rincon ,
this a great film .
that there are great big-wave rider in the world outside the hamilton/kalama crew ,
most of this disappointing production consists of little more than hitlerian oratory .
but his supporting cast is adequate at best and very often not even that .
another fascinating animated character is miss america
that was shockingly funny to me !
the character were poorly written
and for the most part they were totally unsympathetic except for gus
because it was a lot more funny than scary .
this messylittle film takes itself so seriously
but his screenplay isawful .
you have life like dummy forpractice funeral ,
this was the stupidest movie i
it was ridiculous ,
that it was `` boring ''
so being insulted by the movie
felt even worse
unfortunately that is where the movie 's positive element end ;
so i will not waste my time
there is little if any focus by director ron howard and the screenplay is predictable
and the dialogue is overzealous and too corny to be anything but pathetic .
the who-manity ! the movie 's redeeming factor go out to the gifted production designer michael corenblith
surprisingly ,
although there are a few funny moment due to a few slyly clever sequence ,
either looking for or avoiding person ,
it is still most enjoyable .
a great ensemble cast !
my family and i thoroughly enjoyed this movie .
that appears fascinating
the amateurish acting and horrible plot is a sign
that reviving the medieval legend is no cure for some lousy execution .
they actually went on and made another cheap exploitationer featuring hundred of lusty bimbo ,
this is the single greatest waste of potential i
and worse enough to let an axe strike through the gorgeous print
the movie alone makes a great souvenir !
the scare were cheap
it became a cult favorite with my circle of friend ,
royal dano provides an amazing heartfelt performance as old man wrenchmuller .
who met a bad end .
the creator got real subtle in many way with offhand comment
little subtle costume dig at other sci-fi movie
person- this is fun fare
maybe stupid person ,
patrick is a great dramatic actor
little mosque is one of the most boring cbc comedy i
the joke are all predictable
and so deathly lame i can not believe it .
but i do not blame the actor
very lame show with bad joke
it is less controversial than the other boring cbc comedy like the hour has 22 minute
what i got was a wonderful surprise ,
and one of the funniest 50 minute viewing experience i have ever had .
who plays `` watson '' as an genial but invincibly uncomprehending imbecile with such superb timing and delivery
that he becomes the best aspect of the film .
as they themself could become victim of the same human estrangemant and alienation
to us about the terrible state of human relationship
( `` the greatest filmed opera ever
in the theatre we sometimes have to piece out such imperfection with our thought ,
had what jordan altogether lacks
that movie is very different from the others.i look upon the amicu anthology with great memory
as great
i did feel a sense of disappointment
and easily the weakest of any amicu anthology .
that john bennett is a poor man 's version of donald pleasance or ian hendry .
have ought this weak element of the movie to life much better.the movie contains four story ,
some excellent direction by peter duffell
elliott 's performance is superb as the tormented writer
who is still pining for a beautiful young woman
this is taken further with a great hallucination scene
and easily the best see christopher lee - my favourite horror actor of all time - move into the house with his daughter .
mr. lee gives one his perfect ice cold performance here .
played by nyree dawn porter in another of her superb performance ,
seeing everything as cheap and fake
geoffrey bayldon has an excellent cameo as a dealer
but her talent is wasted in a role
as weak as the linking story is ,
that the blame for the shortcoming in what should have been a truly magnificent movie
who really does his best with what he is got .
expecting it to be really god-awful .
sorry for the star-studded cast- kathy bate was a wonderful actress ...
before she made this movie- vince vaughn and paul giamattus were disappointing
had about one line.the plot was predictable and all over the place ,
unfortunately
provides for some wonderful atmosphere ; the last half-hour - with the sudden appearance of a mysterious couple
it tries too hard to be funny in some place
so much as i found them to be childishly annoying .
if the film were funnier or seemed to flow a little more smoothly overall .
dominique swain and surprisingly meredith monroe are all good
this depicts the funnest war ever fought
it is lame :
predictable ...
overly predictable and only mildly entertaining low budget rehash of a sci-fi formula
who 's actually not that bad for a non-actor ) -
worse the film 's pace is slow ,
what is a wonder is why spader - an excellent actor at time ,
who won the canne best actor award for `sex
he has invested his talent in more miss than hits.the most remarkable thing about `alien hunter ' is how they managed to cram in so many element from so many great sci-fi film ,
( both howard hawks ' original and john carpenter 's excellent 1982 remake )
the mystery message ) ;
( 5/10 )
but it is god awful .
badly acted moment.moment of intense gore/death unevenly interwoven with lukewarm scene of time-filler interplay between characters.less focus on gore ,
that ned kelly looks like it is going to be a wonderful film .
who is seen for a split second looks fantastic .
who find joke funny
why kusturica 's worst movie are 'black cat white cat '
it is beautiful to see one big movie director to not take himself too seriously .
and so unfunny that becomes hilarious .
kusturica 's 'everything but not subtle ' take to her work was to castrate miki manojlovic in srbljanovic shop .
he formed 'funeral and wedding orchestra '
are poor cover of traditional serbian song .
kusturica 's take on bregovic was to confront one wedding and one funeral
with funeral mocking the wedding .
you find this unfunny ?
when listening bregovic 's horrible cover .
and it is beautifully directed ,
film of this nature come across as a mixed bag of great work along with slight drivel
between the wonderful transition and the fantastic ending sequence
ing some great sharp wit and sarcasm
it is all enjoyable ,
i will admit to being disappointed
a surprisingly funny little tale from horror master wes craven .
alfonso cuar\u00f3n looks to be practicing the amazing long-take
he perfects in child of man with this tale of two person in love ,
beautifully shot and muted
to be both funny and totally true to the story.montmartre :
what love for a child is through her subtle performance
my favorite tale of the bunch .
seydou boro and a\u00efssa ma\u00efga are simply fantastic .
one of the best story about a mother
and willem dafoe is oddly perfect as the cowboy
that ''the secret fury '' was an enjoyable good film ... ...
that the shot and lighting were very poor .
that there could be such a bad film
( awful ) ,
that it was very badly made .
the elmo 1/2 hr with mr. noodle is absolutely ridiculous .
can be found to be entertaining or funny .
and everyone in its place '' philosophy.the movie has so many funny moment .
veteran actor takenaka naoto is funny and illiant as well as watanabe eriko .
they are two funny character
it is funny ,
before lost everything shown on tv was predictable .
every thing was so surprisingly stunning
before everything was so great .
was somewhat predictable .
real japanese actor would be somewhat scarce.the movie is excellent as a source of the state of the american mindset in 1943 as the war waged with japan .
but is now best remembered as america 's introduction to the three stooge .
( who is completely wasted on dim material )
to be a great movie ,
and the story was even worse .
there was a string of hapless and ridiculous event ,
who 's the bad guy is not that interesting considering the clue are all misleading anyway.the death scene
i truly enjoyed it
that they were stupid ,
the acting is bad ,
the script is ridiculous ,
that was really stupid ;
this is one to avoid .
unsurprisingly do not believe a word of it
it posses not just to their town but the entire world ! directed irvin s. yeaworth jr. and an uncredited russell s. doughton jr. i was throughly disappointed by this
and extremely dull not making the most of it is strongest aspect .
the special effect on the blob itself are not too bad
the acting is terrible ,
dull direction and forgettable production value .
but is in actual fact a huge disappointment
and boring and the remake is not ,
the original blob has incredibly poor acting and casting decision and the remake does
that wonderful main theme song one on it is own .
the acting is excellent throughout
the new technology could produce - both the good and the bad.two terrible consequence follow - the protagonist is portrayed as a wimpy screamer
to waste on cgi effect -
which by the way are so poorly accomplished ,
as done by the old ec comics.worse
this is the worst ,
that film was so pretentiously dull ,
so i did not need this put-down of well for anything.do not avoid this film - steal every copy
a ragtag handful of uninfected folk do their best
and thankfully keeps the terrible dialogue to a pleasing minimum .
and the largely awful acting from a rank no-name cast all leave a good deal
best of all
it is because of great film like this one ,
that the public can become educated on terrible event in history
great leader
`` cry freedom '' is an amazing film
just how bad it is going to be .
based on what i got out of the muddled mess
the world 's dullest secret agent
and roy thinne makes for the worst leads imaginable .
ian mcshane is easily the best thing
but unfortunately for everyone else involved ,
that these gawd awful 70s made-for-tv movie make great mystery science theater 3000 episode .
very funny stuff from mike and the bot .
while i may only give the movie a 3/10 ,
i rate episode # 608 a 4/5 on my mst3k rating scale .
excellent story about teenager
who does not have a fun sense of a humor
who enoy comedy like chris rock its a perfect movie in my opinion .
it is really funnny
at its worst it is an indulgence ,
etc whilst at its best it is a glorious celeation/send-up of some of the finest actor currently working .
one of the great stalwart of french cinema ,
and then come the end of the movie everything is perfect again ,
getting better and worse ,
and i loved that .
this movie was very touching and beautiful and well told
this line were bad some stupid kid cryin over his stupid dad bad actin
bad casting ,
bad special effect what next ?
a stupid rhyming genie
in a stupid movie with horrible special effect .
it belongs in the `` its so bad
its funny '' category .
`` wonderful !
this will be great ! ''
but i also found it remarkably beautiful and moving .
person were poor
must mention the excellent work
this excellent series
that are told giving the viewer an amazing insight ,
with frank whittle 's experimental gloster jet and the gloster meteor 's combat debut as well as that of the german messerschmitt me 262 -
and there was surprisingly smaller mention of the v2 .
not referring to the more sensational secret and fantastic weapon
but a great series
it is very weak on plot .
but just lame .
was lame
movie was boring .
lame sequel .
bad plot
bad science
bad acting and overall a bad film .
that even a stupid computer could grasp the idea of the pointlessness of war in the end .
and boring .
why it won the razzie award for worst picture .
i would give this a 3/10 ,
mild spoilers.the story of joseph smith stands out as an amazing -
including a few beautiful moment portraying his relationship to emma .
that the film is a celeation of joseph and excellently reinforces the good thing
or something else.the film is beautifully shot
as the film portrayed the area in a bad light .
time has helped heal those wounds.a little gem of a film ,
this film rank right up the there with top gun as one of the funniest film ever made
when watched as it is very enjoyable.i do not think
he has been in some of the great funny
is amazing is the budget this movie had .
are quite amazing
when he made `` criminally insane '' 10 year before the release of this god-awful waste of time and effort .
unfortunately
avoid this one and watch the original instead !
but unfortunately this does not help with the major downside to the movie .
it was ridiculous .
far worse .
please do not ever waste your time watching this piece of trash ,
this is an excellent film
funny and frightening at various time .
and you will not be disappointed
clearly we can not totally blame diana for her attitude.but then the movie really picks up
that they did a great job with it here .
too bad
that michelle rodriguez wasted herself in hollywood movie
it is the beginning of an amazing 48 day journey .
and horse make this amazing trek across what seems to be a very fast moving karun river .
that was incredible ,
was pretty amazing in and of itself ,
barefoot.the one drawback to this documentary were some of the inter-title with poor attempt at humor.if
or the incredible challenge
which is why this film always tends to buck the trend.george c. scott embody ebenezer scrooge perfectly ,
so i could make fun of it .
that it was not going to be made fun of .
it was going to try its best to be a good movie.and you know what ?
it came awfully close .
-- love the best buy bag )
writing and pacing are all surprisingly better
this can be a pretty fun time at the movie .
it are not great .
he plays a specialist in hazardous waste clean-up with a tragic past tracking down a perennial loser on the run
this is about love but not stupid thing like in `` notting hill '' or those kind of movie .
and got a perfect acting.i
which i m trying to best.franck in france
the cast is a great ensemble .
he is a great
supporting character actor and his excellent chemistry with powell is fun to watch .
all other hand chip in to make this a thoroughly enjoyable way
it is a gem .
too bad she can not act.boring little tale about sweet
the rest is just a boring little tale chockful of bad acting ,
and terrible post-dubbed dialogue .
avoid .
what really surprised me was that kurt russell did such a great job with an extremely limited role.imagine
to perform a great aria
russell pull off an incredible characterization .
great job ! as usual
that he will go down in history as a great portrayer of the consummate villain
unfortunately
with a fair amount of weakness ,
i do not see what is wrong with a few weakness .
and the appreciative audience receives a great deal of emotional satisfaction .
most of the great moment
shot during the best moment of go to the mirror ,
and worst of all
or worse
there are some rare number before tommy
the sound overall was mediocre in the transmission i watched from directv ;
to call this anything at all would be an insult to everything else .
but it was so stupid that one can but despair .
it`s by no mean embarrassingly bad like some comedy i could mention
i was not the only one who was surprised by her solid performance.however
and that makes this poor movie
is extremely ridiculous.i do not recommend
of being boring .
this movie is entertaining enough due to an excellent performance by virginia madsen and the fact
the movie is so predictable
but that i did not understand at all.the only worst movie i saw was crash ,
unfortunately his ticket is in his coat ,
and rarely did
that this movie was actually not that bad ,
even though i feared the worst.when gabe
but in its genre it is an enjoyable one .
i especially enjoyed john lithgow as the evil master mind and leader of the gang of robber .
i know him best from the tv-series `` 3rd rock from the sun '' ,
but i enjoyed his performance in this movie as well .
i loved the snowy mountain and valley
i give it a 6.5/10 .
this is an enjoyable movie .
my life is not as bad
original and unsettling while also finding a great deal of humor in the pain
fantastic performance all around .
edison chen did a fantastic
if you hear growl of dogs.highly recommended ,
probably our greatest story-teller
is a travesty and an insult.whoopi goldberg is fabulous as the tortured celie
goldberg perfectly plays a human being ,
if you are not moved by this sequence.the color purple stands for the beauty of the field and flower surrounding these poor person .
the guy can make an unforgettable classic without any cute alien.rating :
and the totally hokey ending with the secondary bad guy encased in gold like a herve villechez
the tinkly little `` funny '' music undercuts much of the drama.even as such
it is fun ,
let 's make it funny -
off the stage the performance were all dull and unrealized
it is really her own refusal to do what is best for the team
the placement of the musical number was so bad
that at time the movie almost seemed to be making fun of musical instead of being one ;
and i felt insulted by the last few minute .
boring waste of time ,
and really is the worst film i
do not waste your time wanting to check the story -
but not bad by that standard .
this film has a very simple but somehow very bad plot .
unfortunately demon follows the now adult girl back through .
also unfortunately
the acting is terrible i think
because the writing is so bad maybe
and the effect were pretty fun
even though they were very cheap .
it was not quite bad enough
to be funny .
this has to be one of the worst film i
who includes it in the worst five film ever
mostly toilet humour and badly done at that.anyone wanting
to be entertained should avoid this at all cost .
and makes the whole movie the best movie ever
made by villaronga.recommended .
or whether its just bad film-making .
a ( bad ) film is made in the ground and the story replays again .
and hip.this movie is a load of boring crap !
that he had anything to do with something this bad !
the movie is cheap on scene
i have seen good horror movie and bad ,
the dumbest movie i have ever seen !
but that was just ridiculous !
plain stupid !
another problem with this movie is that its boring and probably the slowest movie ever made .
what we are left with is a boring and stuffy film about aristocrat in 18th century france .
none of the character are appealing or sympathetic .
who was harboring who ,
the movie would 've greatly benefited from some semblance of emotional build-up and a music score
and the worst kind of film at that
a dull and uninteresting film about infinitely interesting subject .
avoid this yawner at all cost
and such enjoyable character actor as charle winninger
wicker man is the worst movie i
the sarcasm of cage 's character at least got some laugh from me and the scenery of the island was beautiful .
it fails to a fitting tribute in such a magnificent manner
that it is almost an insult to the memory of those ave man .
the special effect were horrible ,
which normally fires at the rate of 600 round per minute fire at 1/10th the speed ?
stupid
the explanatory scene are awful .
worse the theatre person had indiscriminately cut footage
this has to be one of the absolute worst movie ever made ,
the blame can not be laid at the foot of `` director '' tim kincaid or `` writer '' buddy giovinazzo ,
what is really amazing is that there were some actual professional
and not a bad one .
is by far the worst thing
-- at best .
the cinematography is terrible ,
the acting is laughable ,
derivative and stupid .
do not waste your time
annoying
which a great deal rested .
john huston is very funny as buck loner
and she is great as ''oversexed ''
how she ever ended up in this mess.tom selleck
which not only fails to focus on the basic plot of the book ,
not surprisingly ,
( in great detail )
looking into the career of the great alan bate .
and 'the return of the soldier ' is definitely a gem waiting
but we were stupid
if anybody would want this stupid movie.oh and another thing ,
that diablo would be crying his eye out laughing at this stupid movie.this
that fun
is being loved by everyone
she is always wanted.glenn close is such an amazing actress
this movie made the fun villain just more of a silly nut case .
it sounds stupid ,
that the first movie was just a waste of time ,
this is just the same thing.2/10
amazing performance from simon pegg
highly recommended to all .
avoid this one ,
but badly made movie .
this movie is just lame .
a total waste of time and money .
the joke are predictable ,
but for me this is not the funniest way
the greatest problem in this movie is that the writer and actor did not even try to know what rpg is about to make joke about it .
by watching this lame movie .
unfortunately i came across the dvd of this
that it was incredibly awful.first of all
is the best creative idea
poor `` costume ''
bad `` interview '' ,
terrible audio ,
avoid this dvd .
it is awful .
that i was looking forward to watching this film ... the cast/location and the work of the excellent director michael winterbottom etc ... it had a vague shadow of 'do
had great scope
the youngest daughter vision of her dead mother ended up being a fruitless and pointless exercise
felt ridiculous
this was one of the best show
and it made you sad and mad for a week missing those one lol.great casting
superb acting .
lucas black turned in an amazing performance for a kid ,
and paige turco was at her best too since party of five .
that made the ending weak ,
why did they do that with one of the best show ever ?
as best they could ,
most of the episode on season 1 are awful..there is no comparison to twilight zone or outer limit ,
most of amazing story are well dull..not amazing in the least..go rent
when they were younger in 1985 ... most of the story line are very predictable
deathstalker is perfect for b-fantasy movie fan ;
terrible acting
laughable scripting and schlock editing
a bizarre mess of electronic noise
deathstalker is probably best suited for folk
that this movie 's weak link is the ramone
some of the best talent in british tv made this serial ,
that i found most of the story unintentionally funny !
not a recommended use for your time ,
wonderfully played by jeffrey demunn
he plays it so well and so sympathetically
wonderfully
proving once again what a superb character actor he really is .
i rate this film 10/10
when it had such a great cast ?
why was the writing so bad ,
why did the studio take a perfectly good premise and `` hollywood '' the hell out of it
the whole story is just utterly laughable .
and an awful one at that .
thing get dull early an often in this in this mawkish jazz bio fiction
and would be best jettisoned
he simply lacks the fire .
zoom and pan are wasted
that lacks passion and verve .
it is some pretty bad homegrown .
not recommended to normal person.the obsession of daneliuc with the most dirty body function becomes here a real nightmare .
really bad movie ,
by which to measure the depth of badness.start with the pseudo-chewbacca
some poor schmuck in a baggy white `` furry '' costume
has the fun job of fulfilling all the fantasy of all the man on death row
low light and bad acting
gives the man a hero 's funeral !
not surprisingly ,
though czechs loved the film
sadly
in many way dirty work is a predictable landh short on the surface with the boy going to sweep someone`s chimney .
where he`s alway at his funniestdirty work also lacks the reportary regular of the other landh short like finlayson
what it lacks in contrast to the parisien passion
unlike the rest of this dull exercise in boarding school daydreaming.if ... could have been a powerful political statement ,
this is a great canadian comedy series .
10 out of 9. brilliant .
first animated feature film from ireland is also one of the best animated film i have ever seen .
who does the best
unfortunately the abbot finds out
this is a wonderful movie
and its refreshing and it shows
its stunningly beautiful and best described
its one of the best animated film i have ever run across .
i am 13 and i hated this film its the worst film on earth i totally wasted my time watching it
and was disappointed with it cause on the cover and on the back the film it looks pretty good ,
but i was wrong its bad .
she was totally different and a bad actress
it was boring
dull
boring.and i do not think
many other person liked it as well as me.boring boring boring
the show had already provided two perfectly good episode
because they have got some great idea lined up .
that the show had done well to avoid ,
like you are watching some godawful teen horror ,
that she is spent the best part of a decade uncovering the sinister underbelly of ,
that they must 've done on star trek a good fifty or so time is pointless .
this film is terrible .
throwing nasty-looking red-neck in your movie is a cheap way to convey `` atmosphere '' .
launch their pathetic squeal in the patent effort
found myself suffering and suffering through pitiful tribute and awful reinterpretation ,
too bad it did not stay in the family.fortunately
when they visit their poor grandpa at the nursing home.a sad show
and refreshingly different film
and the music by ennio morricone is wonderful .
this one is really lame .
it is incredibly boring
they stole it from somewhere.the acting is among the worst i
which can be fun to watch .
it manages to be badly underplotted for most of the movie
even the worst slasher flick are generally good for a few puritan meditation on their grotesque offensiveness ,
you know the funniest thing ?
it is so bad and boring
that it actually becomes fascinating in a weird way .
inging power and grace to even such lame flick
and mostly boring .
but this is ridiculous !
and the truly stupid plot line of the newly widowed sheriff falling in love with the guy hired
even if she had not loved her husband ,
if it does not is pretty lame-she
interspersed with a few lame shoot out .
although thank goodness it lacks the moral proselytizing at the end
the sheriff turns over her badge to sam bass and rides off into the sunset ,
but it is a really great film about 'the kid '
the music is absolutely superb ,
and feel in a wonderful fashion .
without the pity the movie is pointless .
they are ridiculous .
the subplot are convoluted and annoying .
to even be enjoyed as mock material .
they still worked wonderfully together `` comedically . ''
but it was mostly wasted in this movie .
this movie also stars the great sid caesar ,
but sadly he does not have any interaction with gwynne and lewi .
pretty interesting idea is thoroughly done in by a lousy script
but become screamingly predictable toward the end .
the direction is poor
lousy .
with lousy special effect .
erich rohmer 's `` l'anglaise et le duc '' makes a perfect companion piece to peter watkin ' `` la commune
to catch the subtlety of the film 's psychological -and yes ,
do not waste any time on this one .
she was fantastic ! !
that not misleading that very bad writing and planning
burn down the professor 's house.it a great pity as i felt
its the best
perfect
beautiful
funny
simply wonderful.i found this movie delightful ,
i loved it -
it is a great love story .
and i loved the way
the music during the final credit is great .
this film was amazing .
the role of sho was excellently delivered ,
and hyde was surprisingly good for his first film as the tortured yet humorous vampire
i loved each and every second of this this film
especially moment such as the funny cigarette scene
the story line was great ,
and this was a perfect start for reese witherspoon 's career.i do not see
it is not the best movie ever ,
this has to be one of the most outrageously stupid movie i
i have seen the stupidest scene in history ,
great set
wonderful acting and singing
found the worst in history .
magical flying baddie he is cast here .
a hundred thanksgiving could not consume this turkey.the one funny scene
( bad actor . )
( also a bad actor . )
that this poor man 's jet li 's other was a wannabe pierce brosnan in a cheap dimestore `` injun '' wig right out of an old western movie from the forty .
the greatest source of greenhouse gas - co2 - is person ,
that i did not even recognize him.overall the plot was bad ,
the writing was bad ,
and weller was amazing.4 star
superb.samantha mathis has given many great performance ,
you have got to see this amazing 5-yr. old
i would consider police story as one of jackie chan 's best film .
the fighting scene and the stunt work are excellent .
this is the best action and comedy movie .
highly recommended .
jane eyre is one of my favorite book
throwaway acting style is completely unsuitable to the bold passion of edward rochester and poor charlotte gainsough look like a bored
unfortunately ,
because of a weak/implausible story line
it was a pretty bad movie
it was going to be a `` perfect translation '' .
and green screen sequence were worse than those
the `` illusion '' of day and night was shoddy at best .
there is a lot of wasted sequence throughout the film
avoid this movie .
it is a waste of your money .
sometimes it comes off has funny
and it fun to see him at his commercial peak .
and story is predictable .
but fascinating in term both of the individual plaintiff and defendant and the lawyer
it is hard to imagine a director capable of such godawful crap as 'notting hill '
nor the oh-what-a-beautiful-morning final scene :
.what i mean about avoiding clich\u00e9 :
we get an unexpectedly subtle and sympathetic cameo of a lonely
having wasted a life
bad review were due to a snobbishness about treatment of shakespeare .
but she is astoundingly beautiful as the juliet character ,
her acting is wonderful
recreating this classic tale with feuding italian family in the catering business in new york result in great fun .
bad or otherwise as other have well
one of the great beauty of all time
was a perfect choice for this 'symphony of love . '
is this a stupid movie ?
stupid moment ?
stupid character ?
bad effect ?
in the end it is just what you need for a great mst episode .
this is a really great short from hal roach .
and the plot has so many funny and well-written elements.as for the littlest of the little rascal ,
placing the little tiny boy in charge of babysitting the even younger kid was not only funny ,
but once again high on the cute factor.after the older kid blackmail spanky into doing this awful babysitting job ,
all kind of funny mayhem eak loose .
even the best new comedy are going to struggle to get noticed.luckily ,
i loved both series
but it is not as good as the wonderful animated classic
but not bad at all .
the script has its weak spot
while he has given better performance has fun as cruella 's accomplice .
but the best asset ,
is the amazing glenn close in a deliciously over-the-top performance as cruella
7/10 bethany cox
bad special effect
a weak storyline
ridiculous amount of blood and gore
annoying and pointless character
the saetooth are portrayed through poor cgi .
amazingly
why the film descends into poor schlock.the plot and character are just as horrendous .
but it seemed to me like they were just doing it for the fun
`` attack of the saetooth '' is a very poor film .
it is a very poor and cheap example .
this is a cheap horror flick ,
that gives trash a bad name .
before that i have never seen a bad english actor .
this movie has quite a few bad one .
even some of the worst movie in hollywood have some level of professionalism in the directing
no way did i find it awful ,
minimal low-budget indie production is not bad ,
and can get dull .
helping out is it had an unpredictable pattern .
to make up for the script 's weakness in its character-foundation .
terrible techno music
maybe it was enjoyable to make ,
a particularly funny moment is when one member finds out his home is gone ,
with the whole story behind the homeless takeover trying to convey a message ,
south park is at it is best a lot of the time
when it is being ridiculous .
to avoid the homeless .
and we watch the poor man miss his ain
the episode was funny ,
but it was kept from being great by withholding any real commentary on the homeless
the ending is somewhat funny ,
playing amber 's mom is laughable -
film noir 's night club scene
haha.what is kind of funny is that the scene
( at least on my cheap dvd copy ) ,
wonderful romp
wonderful premise
tim robbin - et al - just wonderful ! rent it ,
how can this not be fun ? !
he is that boring and forgettable .
that was the best part of the show .
jame speaks with an excruciatingly annoying lilt .
a remarkably bland bunch of man
and the fact that the suitor seem to have more fun around each other than with the leading man ?
that id point something mantioned on the message board
all the gay guy were ugly and boring ,
apathetic suitor
you will be severely disappointed .
that it fails to deliver anywhere else.we
when everyone is boring anyway .
and you really can not blame them
since the event are all wildly unimaginative and lame.finally ,
that was a boring date ,
it is ridiculous .
boring + boring + boring = go do something else .
you will have more fun waiting at a doctor 's office for an appointmant ,
i was fully aware at how awful it was supposed to be going into it ,
so i have only myself to blame .
it just seemed inconceivable one of his movie could really be that bad .
that does not contain even 1 second of anything funny .
it is just horrible .
it is not `` so bad it is good ''
its just bad .
you can not laugh at how bad it is ,
since they pressed play.you might be inclined to watch it just to see how bad it is ,
going overboard is the worst movie ever made ,
if you like crap film you will get some fun out of this one .
boyish sexual craving and the desire for non-threateningly lighthearted fun .
she symbolizes an undeveloped ideal of womanhood perfected for the boy and a source of strength for the girl of the town .
by how weak a showcase it is for her talent .
and found the film to be a delightful charmer.best quote :
the story line was fallible and laughable ,
that do great thing with their character
before she was introduced as this weak and feeble woman
the presentation of lady death was poor ,
he was weak ,
his voice was laughable ,
that your soul was still in a solid body in hell ,
just preparing.the battle sequence were hysterically bad .
we are cheap ,
this film was bad .
the animation coupled with the horrendous voice work was cheap .
i wasted my time with this one and would like to warn other so
that you wasted 80 minute on this piece of garbage.blah !
it succeeds quite well-excellent ensemble cast ,
wonderful script and beautiful set and location .
most highly recommended
we expected something great
the music is plain terrible .
terrible character development .
complete mess !
this movie is a complete waste of time .
`` campy '' imply fun
exactly what did mr. onorati and ms. pacula do to tick someone off this badly
to be stuck in such a horrible movie .
foywonder 's review of this cheap stv hits the nail squarely on the head .
the bad news ,
and truly one of the worst picture
look no further for the lamest superhero movie ever made !
and later battling a trio of megalunged bikini dancer back in l.a. too bad
that every lame boob joke trotted out fall completely
unfunny
ruth gordon is one of the more sympathetic killer
this is one of the best columbo episodes ever .
mariette hartley and g. d. spradlin are excellent in their supporting role .
at the end of the story there is great tension since due to some bureaucratic ruling
it was beautifully done
beautifully written with dialog
who would go on to become oscar winning actor deliver amazing performance .
sadly
played by the wonderful actress ruth white
the location in new york city are wonderful to watch
that i have loved .
and also star many other great actor and actress which a lot of them was in many of the short !
in my opinion the three stooge is some of the greatest actor ever
and is the all time funniest comedy team !
it funny and its cast includes christine mcintyre
extra campy moment are being served by lee van cleef 's obnoxious wig
hilarious background music and completely laughable sound effect accompanying various little event
it is great to see van cleef and lo lieh on the same screen ,
that is an insult to aspiring filmmaker ,
stupid
is his consistent stupidity .
because of a bout of stupid cockiness.what part of the emperor palpatine telling him legend of the sith does not point to the emperor
was awful .
the good actor like ewan mcgregor and natalie portman did the best
i can not say enough bad thing about this film .
this is an excellent series ,
they would have perfected rogaine for jean-luc picard ?
i absolutely loved this movie .
i loved everything about it
because of her poor decision in marrying a man for her parent
i loved these moment
which was a great cast but a poorly written movie with no real meat to it .
it is such a great book .
the romantic relationship between jewel and toby mcguire turns out to be one of the best part and jonathan rhys-meyer is outstanding as the bad guy .
peter jackson 's film was not a perfect rendition either .
this is a very beautiful film .
the film has a great score
a fine cast of oldster ing lighthearted perspective on life to this fun tale with an award winning performance by dench and laine 's always great `` pipe '' .
that it is a bad movie ,
unfortunately the film did not deliver .
and ends with a completely poor twist
unfortunately like most `` scary '' film nowadays it relies on loud noise and bang
that jackass too ... i do not recall ever seeing a cast of annoying actor
painfully long lawn grooming montage with some ridiculous
to avoid this trash .
sandler is amazing again ...
cheadle and burrow are also amazing ...
cheadle is one of my favorite since crash .
it is the story of a young beautiful woman
to get there.barbara stanwyck plays the young and beautiful lily power
the filming and different scene were something fantastic !
and perhaps a few predictable part such
the plot was terrible with large gap of information missing .
the plot was predictable except for the stomach sickening homo erotic scene at the end
even the ending was predictable .
terrible dental work
the whole movie just felt like wasted time out of my life .
george wendt was funny as harry mcaffee ,
marc kudisch had fun with his role as birdie
i personally find this film funny
in the 70 's a time of the best experimant in film with being able to mantion a person 's sexuality .
and then try to do better.i enjoyed this movie
who wants a funny
and have some fun .
it was pretty damn funny .
it is pretty funny and quite graphic .
it is just like kentucky fried movie except not as funny .
the man is the best actor in idia
this may be his second best performance after parinda
the music and direction is excellent plot a bit thin
was in the best condition physically
and he is there to take recon photo only.after a bad attempt at parachuting from a plane
but destroys the op centre.a weak plot and very weak ending as rambo walk off into the sunset as a free man .
when the nothing came to eat the world away.funny enough ,
an annoying and greedy sidekick
did not die a horrible painful
and hopefully early death.the animation is great .
too bad the story is as simple
the star are having great fun delivering their line with excessive eye movement
the script deliberately lacks continuity and plausibility .
poking fun at genre excess .
using closed captioning to best catch the intelligent ridiculousness of the dialog .
the better.pure giallo trademark present here are the beautiful cinematography
black gloved murderer and explicit sex scene
this comes highly recommended .
still got very disappointed .
a perfect way
to waste your time and money .
he created what is probably the best television show argentina ever witnessed ,
there are a lot of actor of great caliber in the film ,
the great actor
but unfortunately that is not the way
but it was still enjoyable .
this movie ranks among my personal favorite next to `` hard boiled '' ...
that is it for the good thing.the bad thing
because of modern bad taste ,
because of 1970s bad taste ,
bochco may not be to blame.richard crenna is passable as walter neff .
but who can blame eggar ?
this is an early gem
funny ,
well-acted with wonderful characterizations.i recently saw on dvd four old episode plus the reunion of 2000 with richard crenna
not funny.unlike the sleazy
stupid-ifying power of hollywood - and its ability
as i have enjoyed his book .
hitler was a very bad man - no
he was a very bad man ,
unlike the generally excellent 'nazis - a warning from history ' - this film neglected to point out the fact
we certainly do not get the fascinating fact
and might even detract from the relentless 'he was very bad ' mantra
he was a bad man .
he could be polite and even sympathetic
( sadly correctly )
for better and for worse .
this rubbish was a great opportunity ,
whatever rating i give boom is only because of the superb location photography of sardinia and rome .
exploding at the servant and exchanging bad baby-talk with no less than noel coward
sadly
this movie is a solid average .
his portrayal of a charismatic nyc mayor is superb and proves again
it is a waste of time ,
some design where quite beautiful
but the character were terrible both in term of animation and design .
they look great while still - on poster and screenshot ,
and was terribly disappointed at the low level of animation in `` 9 '' .
boring ,
that - the bad character design and bad animation could be solved with a good story
actually the story was the worst thing in that movie .
it was pathetic .
bad story has a bad script ,
so besides those terribly pathetic dialog ,
bad acting
bad animation
bad sound
bad story
bad script
bad character ,
the joke are not funny ,
the fun rhymes
a very lousy way to waste an evening .
it was the worst `` kid '' movie i have seen .
if you want to watch a fun kid movie watch shrek 2 ,
that movie is fun for kid and their parent .
avoid this movie .
it is not funny ,
this guy is an awful actor .
( there are a couple more annoying tid-bit )
best comedy to come along in bollywood since hungama
this is probably his best performance to date .
it stars 3 incredibly hot+beautiful girl
paresh rawal is solid as usual ,
rajpal yadav is his typical annoying self
it is funnier than no entry ,
could have been even better had they chosen someone a little more competent than john aaham.8/10
this was the worst reunion movie i have ever seen .
let 's have two stud muffin fall madly in love with the most-annoying-character-since-cousin-oliver . ''
if it were awful ,
it was a fun film
one of my personal favorite actor on this show was dub taylor ,
he was an excellent comedic actor
we all had fun working on this show ,
that fun comes through .
the `` plot '' has so many hole its laughable .
what a waste .
just a fun film to watch.most of the movie takes place at the navy blimp operation at na lakehurst
half the fun is near the end of the movie
and gives a rare look into the navy 's lta operation .
streisand and kristofferson have such great chemistry together
and the music is fantastic !
this movie made the song evergreen one of my favorite ,
and queen bee is such a fun song .
a star is born is my number one favorite movie .
he is an amazing actor
but this movie proved to be one of the worst movie i
in his otherwise excellent book
the historian merrill peterson calls young mr.lincoln a `` boring
dreadful
this amazingly wrongheaded analysis simply proves
that great historian are rarely fine film critic .
ford directed three superb ,
that it is one of of the greatest western
and perhaps even one of the hundred greatest film of all time .
it is an epic poem ... a very beautiful epic poem .
but mostly a bad fictionalization of one of rock history 's oddest tales.spoiler
and a gaggle of police officer and other pointless idiotic character all try to beat the clock
bad acting ,
and lame offbeat tone in general all sink this movie faster than the titanic .
the movie ended up becoming so untrue and so bad
also as the mediocre aforementioned acting in the film is concerned
is not only a bad actor
and the rest of the pathetic cast are for the most part either hysterical
if you like johnny knoxville and or really dig the so-bad-they are-not-even-good buddy flick then i suppose you just might get a kick out of this movie !
unfortunately !
and be made into a really great biopic on all of gram parson life ...
and or fan of the late performer get is this sad waste of film and an all-around terrible memorial
but not surprisingly though ,
the movie is beautiful ,
it was a big disappointment and i actually left very angry at what disney had done.bbc 's planet earth was all of the above and more .
it was subtle .
but was disappointed in the picture quality .
but some sort of omidic generation gap literature is avoided.bot of them are affectionate in their frustrations.the father
which makes it enjoyable to your eye .
and which take their power from camera subtlety
but this one was really great.despite some unanswered detail
the movie appeal to senses.great work of art
and the waste of whatever type of educational system
the man of bronze is a horrible movie .
poorly scripted
it is actually an enjoyable movie on some level .
this movie begs to be watched in a group with an ample supply of cheap beer .
so bad it is almost good .
it is fun .
3/10.btw
i loved this movie
beautiful topless woman ,
big bad monster and joke you will only get
then started thinking about how much i loved this movie
the experience was not as great
as i remembered the acting is pretty bad ,
the storyline is pretty bad ,
the joke were not funny anymore ,
that gets funnier over time .
it is my favorite film of the last two year .
great acting and comedy .
he sees the beautiful face of mai kishikawa
and i really loved it .
the cast is excellent ,
you can only insult yourself so many times.2/10
do not go messing around
when his disillusionment becomes too great ,
and not a bad place
unfortunately
christmas evil is one to avoid .
which would not be so bad
a bland
reality tv ep tivo taped this gawd-awful tripe for me .
the only redeeming value of the entire film was billy zane ,
can not blame him here
'' `` midnight run '' and any bad gambling film
and weaknesses the casting director mention during the entire run of the series .
as carrigan fails to provide a reason for the audience to even like him .
but it is hard to tell given jeff welch 's lame script .
great moment captured on film for sure
only when ex-go-gos ' charlotte caffey 's the grace revs up a great pop song does
that this is his best film to date
the action is fantastic ,
sadly
after the superb aankhen
overacting here too the samethe first half show amitabh almost kidding the 40+ akshay kumar who acts too funny like a small nerdthe film has a good message how not to spoil your son but sadly the way amitabh wants to make akki responsible is absolutely fakeeven his reason for hiding his sickness
but is superb in emotional scene akshay kumar too does his part well but looks umcomfortable in some too weepy scene his chemistry with bachchan is matchless rajpal is a highlight ,
and how stupid this looks !
who consider this is a great horror film understand nothing about cinema and the real meaning of it .
i was really disappointed .
my 10 year old sister could probably beat him in a wrestling match.all in all this is just another mediocre horror film
how lame this movie was ,
there are so many great line
this is my favorite of all the blackadder series .
and tony robinson is wonderful as ever as the somewhat obtuse heart of the series
some of my favorite line :
`` when someone messes with a wellington
and a creepy `` noir '' feel .
this is the worst film i have ever seen.i was watching this film with some friend
the plot was bad
avoid this movie at all cost .
the story 's laced with cheesy fun and an oldie sentimentality
`` the big spook war '' or `` the great yokai war '' or `` y\u00f4kai daisens\u00f4 '' .
and he stumbles into the middle of a great spirit war ,
some very funny
which is unfortunately a bad precondition ,
cause we rareley produce more than moderate movie ; ) .
the character are excellent drawn .
and fits perfectly into this script .
say its boring .
9/10 .
it is a great story line
and it has the best actor and actress on the show .
simon rex is the best actor on the show .
because it was on and i absolutely love it and right now it is my favorite show .
this new season is worse than season one .
but this series gets worse with each outing .
even dante 's effort this season had some disturbing sexist violence and wandered off to a pointless conclusion .
i have great hope for exec producer 's garris 's valarie under the stairs ,
great dance number
sadly
are completely unsympathetic .
and the audience is supposed to find this funny ,
the script is extremely poor
and the woman merely interchangeably beautiful .
but unfortunately the climax of the story comes well before the end ,
beautiful and very adept at acting out the sometimes subtle feeling of desire ,
also two personal favorite appear in small role
it really deserves.7/10
stupid storyline full of clich\u00e9s and lack of logic
some mediocre actor
and goes nut for a second - fantasticfantasticfantastic ! !
this amazing oscar winner
to make this great story about guilt and retribution
and greed and stupidity .
this is an excellent modern-day film noir ... . '' excellent ''
i labeled this crime movie a `` film noir ''
that the rest of the character are so bad
speaking of `` bad guy
lara flynn boyle is fun to watch for a bunch of reason .
walsh gives another great supporting performance ,
you will have fun watching this .
it was nominated for the oscar for best visual effect .
another comment about this film made it sound lousy .
this is a really funny
but has great acting .
as well really funny one - plus
the dialogue is great .
and brian white and mya are also funny and sexy in their role .
you will not be disappointed .
who could find fault with a simply human and funny film like this with lot of delight for your heart .
i enjoyed each minute of it
poorly scripted and amateurishly paced sequel to joe dante 's 1981 classic .
and yet it got 'rewarded ' by a series of obnoxious and unendurable sequel like this one .
even the smallest killing is shown in great detail
you will be sorely disappointed .
which is pretty pathetic and pointless .
and some of the scenery is rather beautiful .
the directing by philippe mora is a giant mess and \u0096 as far
he carries a badge and works within the law ,
he is definitely not carrying a badge.in his own inimitable way ,
inspector callahan has once again ended up on the bad side of the department
which ultimately involves a beautiful and talented young artist
and it is arguably the second best of the five-film series ,
that works perfectly for this material
that gave us one of harry 's best catch-phrase :
clint eastwood perfectly embodies all of the element
and it is impossible to envision anyone but eastwood portraying him ; for better or worse
creates the best `psycho ' since andy robinson 's dynamic portrayal of the serial killer in the original `dirty harry . '
and it adds greatly to the credibility of the film ,
with a perfect blend of drama and action
the perfect justice of a not-so-perfect world
9/10 .
( unfortunately ) .
4/10 .
making him a great leader
funny and moving at extreme .
his shockingly beautiful second visit with his girl by the river
jason alexander delightful and wonderfully light on his foot .
( we loved his 'giant step ' number . )
supplies us with comedic relief and wonderful musical number .
probably our favorite character in the entire movie.the
unbelievable and just plain awful .
the music is fantastic
the extensive use of black and white and grey tone makes this almost a sci fi `` film noir '' in the tradition of many classic thriller .
but all in all i thoroughly enjoyed this film
they are so bad they make this one look like a classic .
bad .
the short film were at best boring
and at worst offensive .
the worst in my mind was youssef chahine 's pretentious segment
the suicide bomber were fighting for a greater cause .
a waste of my time and patience .
solid and convincing as always ,
perfectly made ,
it is a beautiful movie -
funny and beautifully filmed .
they thoroughly enjoyed the movie
why cinderella was trapped in such a horrible predicament .
i was not too sympathetic to cinderella ,
why disney is one of the most beloved company in the entire world.while `` cinderella '' may not be the strongest story ,
it represents that fun
it may not be my favorite disney movie ,
10/10 .
the result was a controversial best-seller
beautiful ownstone in manhattan
which she is able to get dirt-cheap ,
( that should have been the big red flag - cheap real estate in new york !
but this movie has horrible acting and directing .
and for all the poor actor
the acting is lame
the camera and directing awful .
boring tale of a fraternity hazing
to know what a good one is.this by far the worst western on the planet today.first off there black person in the wild west ?
completely retarded ! secondly in that day and age woman especially black woman were not prone to be carrying and or using guns.thirdly what with the asian chick speaking perfect english ?
this movie is the worst presentation of black person
he put some fun into a killer really
the cast does a great job ,
there are some great one liner and scare
a great story
great dialog and a great cast .
then the great journey begin .
he meets several wonderful person and numerous nasty person .
he gets conned into a life of crime and then captured by a bad scientist
if the parent join in on the fun and watch too .
and ultimately a great love story about a bird and his little girl .
more of an incredible journey with a twist.enjoy and try no to tear up during the sad part .
one of those beautifully intense movie
she would give a solid
the film 's new cooking scene at the beginning of the film is great .
the stooge are always funny
very rarely do i give less rave review on a show or film i dislike on imdb ,
but mighty morphin power ranger is just so painstakingly dreadful ,
it is terrible.i would not have minded
and the fight choreography is so shockingly bad and so lame to watch ,
and yet it is done in a fun-yet not so cheesy way
this is just so lame and on the verge of absurdity .
that is rarely entertained .
it remains one of the funniest film i have seen in many year .
consider `` henry fool '' my least favorite of hartley 's film .
found it tedious .
it was wonderful to see elina lowensohn
one of my favorite actress
her extravagant naivet\u00e9 is perfect for hartley 's direction .
hurling insult at his islamic terrorist caretaker
who might just be as bad
one night by a chance encounter he meets a beautiful and mysterious woman
and the end result is a ridiculous ,
but really fun popcorn movie.to be sure ,
and the acting is not the greatest .
do you watch fantasy/swordplay/comedy film for the great acting performance ? ?
their sure to be delighted by this fun and silly swordplay fantasy action flick.my rating 7/10 .
fun popcorn movie .
worst movie of all time ?
so i got to enjoy the beautifully-filmed shot of familiar yet still amazingly beautiful smith rock and other area in central oregon
but have loved them
but it is certainly a great film
the make-up artist made them look excellent.this paragraph may be counted as a *spoiler* :
i found the bit in the park a total waste of time and quite out of character for both of the musician .
he did not make the best experience in life
it is nor funny neither underlining the serious attempt of this film.4 )
being without a message ,
it does not seem to be the best idea
to make a film out of it.2/10 .
which upset me greatly .
and it is pretty much a complete mess.there are a couple element
the idea of a historical gta-like game is a great one .
gun was excellent .
unfortunately in many other area
and i would much rather have excellent gameplay
but the game is designed so poorly
i have never seen a worse fighting system .
you have to struggle with the stupid right analog stick
and the aiming system is ridiculously sensitive
they are actually pretty disappointing .
the load time are ridiculous and constant .
unfortunately the terrible
it is that bad : )
without a doubt this is one of the best-looking chinese historical kung-fu epic ever made.but ala ,
to make it worse ,
this movie is very badly cast .
but unfortunately both ekin cheng and especially cecilia cheung are totally unsuited for historical kung-fu dramas
i was enormously disappointed by the wooden acting and the arrogance of the producer in their blatant disregard of the plot .
which attracts jane to him.despite to poor scripting ,
however overall the production was poor .
the only bad guy were the leader of the nation ,
the character of rambo is perfect to notice this .
also this one avoids the need
to give a comprehensible reason for the engagement in south asia .
to other boring - for me it is a gentle
well-told tale and perfect for family viewing .
this series just gets worse and worse .
poorly written
and just plain not funny !
the premise is excellent
they end up insulting everyone .
is not this funny ?
canadians generally avoid canadian tv .
come on cbc you are suppose to be our leading station showcasing the best of canadian talent .
pull the plug on this amateurish mess .
is a sensitive woman who begins to believe that every disaster occurring in her life is the direct result of her adultery ... the sequence of her bath which could have been a great moment in biblical film history
is badly mishandled
had a ief part as king saul ... the best moment of the film were : the ark en route to its permanent home
david remembering his fight with the giant goliath ... with superb color photography and a masterly music score
it has a fun fantasy aspect of some time travel .
it is truly amazing how the writer can come out with all the connection
fit the character perfectly .
that makes this less than a great film .
recommended for all fan of the 70 's tv movie much like trilogy of terror .
we are all used to more modern editing but still great stuff and far better than many theatrical fright released today .
cross eyed was beautifully shot .
adam does a great job of ,
if you have had a terrible roommate .
at least that is the best i can figure .
about it being the first message from space
this movie is boring ,
but it has enough stupid elemants
is it the worse movie i have ever seen or is it the worse movie i have ever seen ? `` .
because i noticed that the two awful scene
( sorry for bad english )
marsden 's gay party boy is not apathetic
-- he is momantarily sympathetic to speedman 's plight --
handicapped further by the bad editing
the poorly-conceived flashback
and enjoyed - were more talk than action ,
the only redeeming quality of this movie is that it was bad enough to be comedic .
how awful the production is ,
fight scene are poorly coordinated and fake as all hell .
throwing it away is still pretty stupid .
that is bad about modern film .
that shows a combination of futuristic and realistic function
this is such a lame way
on rare occasion a film comes along
basically dedicating this movie to those great director
and calling person losers.the movie does have one redeeming factor ... oh wait ,
but the weight-losing gone bad ?
it weaken
7/10
this movie is pretty awful
a bland man
and leaves loretta the function
after a heated affair loretta out of respect for johnny try to avoid ronny ,
-- a rare scene
but also a beautiful examination of love and passion among regular person .
moonstruck deservedly got its oscar for best writing
this can be one of the most enjoyable movie ever
and the effect are lame ,
but it is so enjoyable .
it is amazingly bad .
predictable ,
susan george is fun to watch and yes ,
but the movie was poorly scripted ,
poorly acted
poorly shot and poorly edited .
just how bad zombie doom
the worst acting of any film ever made
while everyone involved was completely wasted
inept and laughable gore fx
that is pretty much it ... honestly - this is one of the worst film i
( which actually may not have been a bad idea ... ) .
there is nothing to zombie doom other than strung-together ridiculous
some may rank zd in the `` so-bad-it is-good '' category - and i guess
and watching it with a few friend mst3k-style -
so i will grant this one a very generous 3/10 -
he is a mess ,
and plays being a mess very well .
the acting is superb and very refreshing ,
and it is pretty funny too : )
having enjoyed a good film .
brilliant .
a beautiful script .
watching `` a river runs through it '' is very much like going to hear a beautiful sermon in a church
as has already been so beautifully written ,
little story superbly told will get 10-of-10 from me over any movie with violence
a real disappointment from the great visual master ridley scott .
there is no particular message or point in this film
and stupid gun fight at the end of the film.i really can not understand
it looks sooooo stupid and irritating and almost amateurish
and is nothing more but stupid and ainless shooting
and killing.this is ridley scott 's worst movie in my opinion
and there are no significan not touch from which this great director is known .
because there are still couple of great scene and sample of scott 's ability ,
but they are very few in this film.a disappointment and nothing
jane 4/10 .
who sadly does not remember anything more than shadow about the night her husband 's head was bashed in and her almost suffered the same fate
a nice direction and a great script ,
9/10 .
despite a great dvd transfer .
it is simply too boring.if you can get to the dramatic courtroom scene ,
it lacks spark in the first half
we watched in the last few month with a predictable plot line and pretty bad acting
the movie is based on the appearance of a lovely girl and great music
2/10 .
that is no more than a very unfunny tv sitcom .
and bad writing.just
why this film got so bad review .
`` atlantis '' is not a perfect movie ,
but still one of disney 's greatest
it is funny to think
exiting and very enjoyable film .
.the story is a little predictable ,
the film is also funny sometimes ,
but unfortunately there is not enough screen time
.the score of jame newton howard is absolutely great .
that this is the best film of the year .
that it is the best film i
rather than avoiding it
and not comparing it to it is terrible predecessor
this is an amazing movie .
for all of the terrible shortcoming in the script - cheesy dialogue
suddenly being a badass ,
horrible acting ,
when you bombard the screen with intensely amazing cgi effect and fill in the gap with absolutely atrocious one-liner
this is not a great movie .
that not even some of gollywood 's best can salvage a true landfill deposit..i could spend much time
that was bad about this effort ,
but that would require more time and i have already wasted 91 minute watching ... it.looking at it now
to get this accepted.do not waste your time with this movie .
i loved her tomboy antic in film like candleshoe .
sadly it is a tale
and still be wholly relevant.it is not the best film ever made ,
.7/10 barky
all nazi are bad
a result of a tip-off from beautiful cashier 'ziggy '
i want to be a beautiful stranger
i assumed this movie would be stupid ,
this film was terrible .
now there are two type of terrible ,
there is freddy vs. jason terrible ,
where you and your friend sit back and laugh and joke about how terrible it is ,
and the movie was about as bland and hard to swallow as sawdust.avoid this like a leprous prostitute .
too bad carpenter does not know how to employ it .
of yourself and boring me to death !
have made some really great film
poorly conceived and in some case ,
flat out laughable .
much like tale from the crypt the only good thing this series has been offering is great nudity !
excellent farce !
thankfully there is neither a social or political message ,
it is horrible what they did to the film .
why does he allow such terrible thing to happen ? ''
it is by far the best summation of a real christian life i
of watching a malevolent little boy wreak havoc on other and deem it funny ?
the movie is not funny
that slapstick is not funny
it may be funny in cartoon ,
is not funny- -it is mean
and sometimes life-threatening.and what is the film 's message ?
they definitely do not what it is like to be a bad kid .
when it was bad for kid to beat up other .
what is worse is that problem child is rated pg .
campy fun .
the special effect were fantastic ,
and very rarely did i feel
without resorting to cheap gimmick like a seemingly fragile but latently super-powered illegitimate child .
made out of his greatest weakness into space
the concept is as ridiculous
and then radioactive piece of heaven become christ 's primary weakness .
( quite awful )
without having to waste 2 hour of your time .
this is the french and belgians doing what they do best .
this is not done in a patronising way but with a great sense of fun and also honesty .
george ' interplay with corporate management guru
humor is cheap ,
dialogue are stupid
and far the worst
it is much more disappointing to see after the absurd ending
the cheap moral
this is easily the worst presley vehicle ever ,
which would ing us pretty close to the worst film ever made .
it is measurably worse than even the revolting `` happy ending ''
and then the balloon vendor gets jiggy to the marching band was the epitome of bad cinema
after a fun morning of reckless driving
too bad it is not the least bit funny ,
the dreadfully miscast dick sargent
and a funny five second bit where elvis flops on the couch and crazy pant has apparently disassembled
and it should be avoided at all cost .
strong character out of mediocre writing .
that are eathtaking in their depth and realism.the music is fantastic
as some movie does not in my opinion detract from the film as a whole.an excellent film
which i enjoyed immensely ,
( 10/10 )
in ( badly but gamely )
the situation-perfect performance should give you a grin and a chuckle ... i would love to see it again !
i really loved this movie
that the producer of this mess were out
ridiculous western ever made .
`` painful '' is the best word i can think
you have nice color photography and beautiful and well-spoken rhonda fleming .
who acted well enough in an annoying role ,
that no actor could give an enjoyable performance .
which only served to highlight the terrible story and screenplay.thing i hated :
the townspeople and his son were constantly haranguing and insulting granger ,
but this one oke the spell with it laughably unrealistic and predictable scene
the worst being at the end
and then granger plant himself in the perfect spot
save the two main bad guy .
next worst is everything about the plot ,
that we got was the cheap thrill of several minute of eva longoria 's cleavage
( an issue of maxim is cheaper than a movie ticket ) .
the production value on this one are pretty bad
the `` scene '' from the first film was badly re-created .
she also suffers from a bad case of morning face
ewww ! bad movie .
to round the movie off you get a lousy `` punk '' performance from a damned wannabe `` babel '' .
they could have got the real deal instead of an imitation.best
to avoid
it was extremely funny .
angelena jolie was wonderful as juliet .
surprisingly they still want to get married in the end of the movie .
great group of actor .
a little short timewise but a great movie all the same .
can save this poorly written attempt at wartime comedy ,
is still-born with poor stunt work and camera action in evidence .
lynne overman is given the best line
and the user rating of 6.0 was an excellent reference .
that i could not waste more time
and i found it a very boring overrated movie .
the character are badly developed ,
the plot is supposed to be funny
are ridiculous .
is quite ridiculous .
the greater attraction certainly are the presence of the playboy centerfold and playmate of the year dorothy stratten ,
the dorothy stratten story '' ; the amazing beauty of the sexy patti hansen
a worthless bit of tripe and first effort for mediocre director seidelman
the film is fraught with bad acting
bad sound ,
bad camera work ,
and poor quality in all aspect of the film .
is one of life 's great mystery .
many place ridiculousone wonder
when he earns so much just to show how poor he is ?
but most song look forcedanil does his part well sridevi is excellent in her part urmila is decent amongst rest kader khan is as usual johny lever is funny ,
jack bruce just great .
but also boring in other place .
4/10
and what i saw was beautiful
and the execution is superb .
which only goes to show its originality and greatness.at the time of writing this review ,
beautiful location
that it was dull and over rated .
this is one of the most disturbing and amazing film of all time
i thought this film was boring !
that the theme song is great
unfortunately he has one weakness he indulges ,
who many rate as the greatest american actor of the last century .
the film is a bit tedious .
while making a silent film like this is not such a bad idea ,
where the lack of dialog and the repetitive early scene make it simply tedious .
that.the original scary movie was great fun
coming from a great team
but its even worse.within 20mins i would smiled twice .
it 10/10 has made me feel physically ill.
when there is great flick like school of rock out ,
that are *gasp* funny ,
resulting in a funny bit
predictable obstacle ensue
but hugh o'conor and ray mcanally are also excellent .
comic relief fashion we get to see the magnificent birds-of-paradise perform mating ritual to the most annoying and stupid narration humanly possible .
the smugness of very pretty mary louise parker character was an insult to my intelligence .
mary louise parker is supposed to be a great mom
that save the child stuff is wonderful for campaign trail ,
disturbing as some other reviewer have - simply a little distasteful and pointless .
just to wake you up with a bad taste in your mouth .
this movie has three great actor tim roth
and they are fun to watch .
this movie is one of the most fun movie ever made .
this film is a great adventure .
it is just great .
crawford is perfect as jake speed
which just adds to the fun .
it is a very enjoyable film .
barbara 's great as the homespun vixen
who is just gabby haye.albuquerque must have been loved by republican across the nation in 1948 with its chief villain as a town boss
must have had great appeal to the gop market .
about how stupid i was for continuing to remain seated for its entire running time .
everything about it screamed made on the cheap .
it boasts cheesy cgi and lame set ,
this movie is so unfunny
the best feel-good moment
too bad it was not photographed in technicolor.stewart win first prize for `` the gun
and stephen mcnally is the local bad boy gunman in dodge city .
and dan duryea is shelley 's bad boyfriend .
mcnally makes the perfect villain and dan duryea is equally treacherous in the kind of villainous role
and it is fun to see rock hudson
and downright pointless .
adding insult to injury ,
but this is just bad .
seeing mst3k make fun of it .
it is just nauseatingly bad like you can not find anything to enjoy about this no matter how hard you try .
if it is not the worst film i
it is so bad
that it is blotted the worse film from my memory .
each person individually created a great sub-section .
where do i start with this god awful movie .
bad bad bad story telling .
namaste london was quite an enjoyable movie
are soooo bad .
given two great actor a much better job should have been done by the director .
xizao is a rare little movie .
and the theme of old and new clashing is wonderfully introduced in the first scene .
not even hardened cynic can find any flaw in this wonderful setting.master liu 's mentally handicapped son er ming is the second truly powerful character in the movie ,
are amazingly detailed
seen in movies.with its regime-critical message ,
copy this wonderful movie ,
and one of the great thriller of the fifties.based on a frederic dard novel
where a beautiful blonde might be the fieriest of the criminal to the mysterious house
this film is so bad ,
the acting is terrible ,
even worse than in third class soap opera .
but this film is worse than cleaning up the sticky toilet with a teeth ush
and i think its not a bad thing .
which in fact is only stupid
and recommend you to avoid this terrible flick at any cost
and for that to save your wit ! 2/10
( sorry for my bad english )
i had a recent spectator experience with the perfect witness
i am going to proceed in knocking this picture down as poorly executed and banal ;
that the poor guy 's going to miss the fame ship
if he keeps fiddling around with first time movie director like this.the perfect witness is about micky
that alone does not make a film bad .
it is that these guy commit a rather poor assumption
odd are you will be laying the blame on your dear ole ma
end up like our man micky here in the perfect witness ;
great .
now i had the best intention
it was a great movie ,
that is high-paced and `` somewhat '' funny ,
this is one of the worst action film i
the cheap set
was poorly constructed
and the bad acting .
and at the same time a terrible earthquake erupt .
the aftermath of the quake is messy in more way than one .
the great rinaldo
who carries the burden with ease .good solid b movie melodrama ,
and is enjoyable providing you do not expect a masterpiece .shot in black and white
and is best seen as melodrama
and enjoyed for the presence of its star
but in the sense of being funny
this movie is too bad for all of them .
usually convincing actor in such a stupid
awful movie .
i rarely wanted to know so much how they came to act in this one .
they could not got so much money.only just an unbelievable silly idiotic movie.3/10 \\ 1/4 \\ 5
.the acting and newton thomas sigel 's beautiful photography make this film worth to watch .
a 7/10 .
because he made great movie ?
like a more and more distant memory.while `` hollywood homicide '' is by no mean terrible ,
it is a routine and surprisingly boring buddy cop movie .
that is not particularly funny ,
an overabundance of subplot can not mask the weakest of the central storyline.ford at least appears to be enjoying himself more than is his last few project ,
it is like a bad student film .
that it is so poorly done
a poorly written script with no likeable character .
-- a bad movie
probably the best blend of laughter and warmth since `` while you were sleeping . ''
the cast is amazing
have loved in other role ,
she was funny ?
the sondre lerche soundtrack is a wonderful addition ,
composed this raw footage into just a few second of finished film.unfortunately siel 's research is so slipshod
unless they were trying to make the most boring story in history ,
and was extremely enjoyable.it is about 2 other and 2 sister
as it was fantastic .
amazing show with all the best actors.10/10
their best thing on teen nick is drake and josh
`` one of the worst show
saw so boring . ''
my all time favorite movie .
is without a doubt one of the best ghost story ever made into film .
a beautiful and mysterious young girl
there is great martial art
so she may have a chance at reincarnation.a beautiful story
and just have fun with the great martial art and cinematography .
this is one of those cheap movie
horrible acting
horrible script
horrible effect
horrible horrible horrible ! !
a funny cast with danny glover and a young joseph gordon-levitt
these horrible thing happen in the world ,
that belong to certain organization to help the horrible thing
a dreary and pointless bit of fluff
badly scripted
and the hoppalong cassidy character himself is both boring and inept .
over who 's stupid idea
as real people.the movie is also decidedly mean spirited and unlikeable at a fundamental level
that helped to initiate the wave of pointless ,
thank god for `` team america '' for putting him in his place.3/10
i love the gangster genre and this is the weakest entry
it is a weak story about a petty criminal .
my advice is do not waste your time .
this is indeed a funny show ,
best of all
and ignore wonderful show like this
much more enjoyable than `` ghost whisperer '' and `` medium '' .
it is the funniest thing on the tube
and the narration and music are wonderful .
but she certainly was great in comedy .
jean harlow is wonderful in this one
that harlow 's beautiful body was that of an ill woman .
in this movie she does look beautiful .
call me stupid ,
but i absolutely loved the 2001 horror movie
everything about it was wonderful !
very funny
the entire cast did a great job
cupid face doing all of these horrible thing .
makes way for a fantastic ending !
and when he plays it he starts receiving message
what follows is amazingly intelligent and captivating .
unfortunately
robert ryan did a great job as the `` knuckle-busting '' fianc\u00e9 ,
though apart from him the other performance were also excellent .
both jon voight and dustin hoffman are absolutely memorable and sympathetic
i loved the scene
`` midnight cowboy '' is close to being perfect and one of the most powerful film ever made .
( 10/10 )
-- there is some wonderful stuff here .
and the dancing is incredible .
was a lot of fun !
and blaine is just wonderful as his long-suffering girlfriend .
her song and dance number are definite highlight here.now for the bad part
-- jean simmon is a wonderful actress
i really truly enjoyed this movie .
but it was a great way
it is funny
and a great tale of the up and down of female friendhip lasting through difficult time and the bad thing
there is the best `` wedding escape ''
it is a hidden gem
a constellation of some of the best
and the wonderful
is the best thing in the picture .
perhaps lady with red hair contains his best work in film .
unfortunately
`` so quoted the late gene siskel for this lame-ained ,
and pointless cameos by `` airplane ! ''
and one poor
or pass out during the unfunny part ?
that they are luckily missing stupidity and absurdity .
this film is excellently paced ,
that they are trying to get cheap laugh just by using obscenity ;
i loved this film
it has been the best film i have seen this year .
every three year we get the same lame vampire clich\u00e9s.making thing
worse is that the switch from segment to segment is pretty artless .
lame animation
there is a special kind of insult in a film this ridiculous
and down right degrading adaptation to the classic child 's tale not only lacks the charm of its forefather
but lacks any talent what so ever .
mike myer should not only be ashamed of himself for his horrible performance
he is so annoying
and the cinematography is very poor .
i have seen a lot of bad film this year ,
( kagemusha ) .
shinto priest versus buddhist monk and the beautiful vision
that this film would be the # 1 worst film on imdb -
if you enjoy watching terrible movie for a good laugh .
superbly and amusingly directed by albert and david maysle
because it is both funny and sad - edith died shortly
this is a pathetic and abysmal depiction
then that would be a truly great movie .
i bought this was i wanted to try out dvd and this was the cheapest one i could find
possibly the worst buy of my life and could have put you off dvd forever ,
why anyone would want to make a movie as awful
what a fun movie !
both are wonderful - especially the wide-eyed innocent bouchet as the guilt ridden woman fearing for her life .
the 70s set and fashion are wonderful .
being one of my favorite moment in the film .
bruno nicolai 's score may be the best i
this monstrosity stars nobody and is painfully dull to sit through .
-- cg rat not as bad
the bad :
the cg rat were pathetically cheap-looking .
-- the acting is extremely poor.
-- stupid story
just stupid. --
giant rat looks like fat man in poorly conceived bear costume --
that was kind of funny --
but not funny enough to give this film any worth. --
and boring dialog .
-- this film is bad .
simply terrible .
worse than you might imagine .
it is not even laughably bad like
even if they do make you stupider.memorable scene :
-- the lame action-movie ending
2/10 story :
1/10 atmosphere :
2/10 cinematography :
4/10 character development :
4/10 nudity/sexuality :
1/10
4/10 dialogue :
2/10 music : 1/10
1/10 direction :
2/10cheesiness :
7/10 crappiness :
9/10overall :
1/10watch it
and do not even get me started about the utterly pointless romantic sub-plot .
it would have to be the fantastic location
he is a surprisingly callous critter along the way ,
is someone almost as bad
and the film is almost perfectly cast with strong support from walter brennan
sadly the great cinematography of the canadian rocky is done few favour by a distinctly average dvd transfer
the film is directed astutely and consists of a wonderfully put together cast as well as a swift
'panic ' deliver subtle
especially given his line of work.the forever-great william h. macy again captures our heart as alex
equally-messed-up 23-year-old named sarah
is obstructed by the fear of disappointing his dictating father
into a fascinating
no one could imagine a more perfect actor for the role of peter lyman than jackman .
granted it has a greater scope and more person running around ,
but it resorts to the same cheap and cheerless device of lot of hapless non-actor limply falling over to the sound of ridiculously fake gunshot
spiced up with the occasional poorly executed 'shock ' sequence .
the admittedly horrible documantary footage is roughly spliced in between scene so hackneyed
( featuring excellent in-context use of actual footage ) .
scratch the `` animated '' part of that.i have an intense love-hate relationship with film noir and
and noir theme totally submerged in this film
did an incredible job !
bland flick is strictly for teenager in old men ' body ,
suv-pushing government.this juxtaposition alone makes the film laughable .
-- the jet flown by burgess meredith 's character change color and configuration from moment to moment as the filmmaker insult our intelligence with unmatched stock footage again
and again.the plot is as moronic and only half as exciting as a dukes of hazzard episode.even die-hard car-film and sf fan should avoid this film like month-old roadkill ,
this is a truly abysmal `lock stock ' clone with a stellar cast and a terrible script .
not the worst film ive ever seen ,
that honour goes to the truly pathetic used bogroll of a \u0091movie '
definitely one of the worst 5 film i have ever seen .
have a monopoly on truly awful film .
where a holodeck malfunction trap captain picard
the best part of this episode
was because chainsaw charlie and doctor ripper were funny .
many stupid thing that made me laugh .
and this movie was a complete disappointment .
is by far one of the worst movie i
the script is horrible ,
the direction is mediocre ;
that ben stiller really is not that funny ,
but her hair looks great .
and hank azarium and phillip seymore hoffman must have got paid a great deal of money
which is a truly funny and original movie- and i
that plays best on airplane .
what a great gem this is .
that is fun to watch .
i enjoyed it from start to finish !
the movie is innocent and fun -
the character are wonderfully interesting to watch .
of being nauseating and unfunny .
you stupid genius ! '' )
but it seemed like a lame attempt
its predictable as hell .
he was excellent .
and should have enjoyed it ,
and were badly directed into doing so ;
the script has its funny moment
as is best .
worse than this there is no fluidity .
is potted reviewing \u0096 2/10 .
a great many talented actor
unfortunately
and unfortunately some of them clash with the other .
they lack even basic development or even solid setup
the dialog is great.the low budget production value
she was great in american gothic )
but sadly she did not have a very big role in this film .
but by the end it starts getting a bit tedious and dull .
that this is a boring film ,
this is definitely the worst movie adam 's ever done but at this point in his life ,
do not waste your time .
a great storyline with a message .
joan plowright is superb as `` phoebe '' ,
mike kopsa is hilarious as `` coach '' and richard de klerk plays the role of `` carmine '' superbly .
john river ' life as an architect and family man has taken a turn for the worst
and reading all the bad press on it ,
it was not all a waste .
and there is a spooky awe generated with a slow progression of subtle stillness and tragedy
but sadly
this clunker was not bad to begin with ,
but what a disappointment .
this is the kind of funny and touching movie
-- one great little scene after another .
the most fun part
deciding what their message really was .
they began by poorly describing principle of quantum physic
who built a case of ridiculous logic intimating
interrupting bad pattern
obviously it is because the world is a bad place
even though there is no such thing as bad and good because there is nobody to decide what that is ,
this was a message
began speculating as to how wonderful the world would be if only president bush could see this movie .
it can be just as fun and effective with a variety of topic -
the producer of this film offer to pay funeral expense for anyone
who really enjoyed this stinker .
extremely boring
and very predictable .
in the end i ended up not caring about anyone in this movie.avoid this one at all cost .
plague replace femme fatale in this highly suspenseful noir
as the medical officer argue for a medium blackout thus possibly creating a greater risk to the community .
zero mostel as a small time criminal is slimy and reprehensible but at time sympathetic .
panic in the street is probably kazan 's best non-brando film .
beautiful to watch ,
not that the story was that bad ,
who appears as one of the bad guy in the movie .
it was one of those more rare film
and have many fun adventures together
steckert has great flashback of him at the lake
it is the best movie i have ever seen in my life !
the animation is excellent ,
the lip syncing is awful ,
i do not blame her for not being involved with this mess .
poor bakula .
he is a great actor ,
i enjoyed it
it is very very funny .
i used to pretend to be a bad tv soap actor with my girlfriend .
great .
its fun just waiting for each of them to reappear .
so the ridiculous doo are like a great character in themselves .
then i snap back as adam sandler sucks me inreign over me is a great film
does a great job
and is no exception here with some truly great line
he doesadam sandler was amazing in so many way not only was this his most dramatic/best acted film of his career .
was great also with saffron burrough and jada pinkett smithi would highly recommend this movie its got tremendous acting beautiful shot of nyc great comedy great drama
at how great don cheadle is
chavez eventually surrenders to avoid bloodshed
how can the remaining cabinet member avoid arrest and defeat this heavily armed conspiracy of right-wing general and ultra-wealthy businessman
why the coup fails.this is an extraordinary film about an extraordinary man in an extraordinary situation .
this was a gem .
amazing acting from the lead liam cunningham
irish countryside is as beautiful as ever .
highly recommended .
the lighting was terrible
my 4/10.so
it is just bad editing.finally ,
that is not scary or unintentionally funny .
it is annoying
that we had wasted our time .
avoid .
this might be the worst film ever made ,
because it is soooooooo terrible .
i can not blame him .
it is truly that bad .
that anyone from streisand enjoyed this movie on the level
is because tom hank is funny as an elvis-in-the-box .
on to do such a lame movie ? ?
the stereotype are pathetic ,
the cast is wasted
most of the blame probably lies with the director
do not waste your time like i did ;
now that was funnier than anything in the movie ...
i loved `` morse ''
( even though he looks awful
( both badly aged and too fat ) ,
stars in this dull
and shoots the sheriff in a poorly edited scene .
( he was rescued by a poor family )
the show was funny and entertaining .
and also loved the montage of the historical figure .
i even loved the message in the song .
and i also loved their choice of song such as `` i i want you back ,
a 9/10segment 3 is the song bad .
it is michael jackson 's music video of bad
it a 6/10segment 4 is a short claymation music film
that takes place after the kid 's version of bad
the short is about michael jackson being chased by his beloved fan and the press
the claymation in the chase sequence was great
it a 8/10segment 5 is michael jackson 's grammy winning music video `` leave me alone . ''
i give this music video 8/10segment 6 lead us to the main story of the whole movie
my rating for this segment is a 8/10segment 7 is the final segment of the whole movie .
my rating is 9/10this movie is a good michael jackson film i think
my overall rating for this movie is 8/10
but unfortunately are shattered
this ridiculous and unintentionally loony conflict eaks out into the point
the cast following widmark is composed of other great actor
but it always excludes the stupid plot about window drape .
it just really does not sound like much fun to watch and i tell you
that it is not much fun to watch .
gossiping and making fun of kelso ,
and let the real fun begin ...
and enjoy one of the best tv show ever .
that are `` cute funny ''
the music and laurence olivier 's some delivery set the tone perfectly for this outstanding documentary .
i enjoyed the film ,
although it delivers a message clearly
how amazing all those
part of what was so great about the classic looney tune cartoon was their irreverence
but it somehow manages to be mostly enjoyable .
this is the best film
and i enjoyed every thrilling page of it .
the result are excellent.certain thing have to be accepted :
his performance has all the verisimilitude of his best work.then there is luise rainer .
coming off an oscar win the previous year for her performance in the great ziegfeld ,
and one of the best transfer from book to screen i have ever witnessed.as for the rest of the cast ,
to pay for the best ,
and in the end they got the best.the film soften wang lung 's marriage to o-lan somewhat .
this film has worn surprisingly well with the passage of seventy-three year .
in fact the most amazing thing about this film is how good it is ,
this is rick baker 's best work yet .
3/10 .
to watch a movie fiddle with their cell phone text messaging person
this movie is too boring ,
which would not be such a bad thing
to say other than the most stupid
and waited long enough someone would amble by.what is worse about the film
is that it fails to generate any human interest :
and ended up with just another boring movie about some maggot chasing woman through the wood with a knife .
right down to the utterly pointless conclusion
the best thing
to avoid making.with all
that was so pathetic
he dispatches his beloved ,
badder weapon .
how did he keep materializing armed with bigger badder weapon like that ?
that one can not help but wonder what the point of it was.3/10 ,
surprisingly funny ) ,
is perfect in their respective role ) ,
make this film unforgettable .
i had the privilege of watching scarface on the big screen with its beautifully restored 35mm print in honor of the 20th anniversary of the film release .
it was great to see this on the big screen
that is so enjoyable to watch i
frank lopez is wonderful .
omar suarez is portrayed by one of our greatest actor
as being played so perfectly
without guilt extort great sum of money form all side of the drug industry .
that would have involved the victim 's wife and children.all in all this is a great depiction of 1980s excess and cocaine culture .
this is a highly recommended stylistically done film
unfortunately for the dog
in a great sequence
but it perfectly evokes the indescribable feeling of an itch in a way
here it is unfortunately subordinated to his quest
( played by the anne heche look alike with a bad hairdo
( where we get great 30s set and clothe )
it is unintentionally funny the way
this would have been a great movie for 'mystery science theater 3000 ' ,
it is not that bad of a film ,
we had a mix of a romantic comedy with very funny performance from retarded and floppy dinoaurs.i will start with the raptor first ,
and since they were extremely poorly shot by the director
they looked stupid
and out of place.the t-rex was extremely pathetic ,
( god the sound effect were awful )
while this stupidity was going on that the dino would get in there
instead the director wasted about 7 minute of our time .
and you have a wonderful 83 minute to spend of your day
its really a lot of fun to watch because
one of the best movie i have ever seen .
and really understood how great this movie really is .
but the best thing about it is the ending
illiant and horrifyingand the acting is also great
john boorman has created one of the best movie throughout movie history
4/10 .
okay maybe it is not that bad .
what lame twist at the end was going to pull this together.i was rooting for a s\u00e9ance
all the great twist
if only to see how they are going to fix this mess .
who takes on and single handedly wipes out a mexican street gang in this obnoxious and racist film
which is so horrible
that it is laughable .
bad acting
bad plot and bad fight choreography make angel town a turkey .
is fascinating
here is hoping one of my wish will come true as i truly cherish this beautiful film
that strike a great emotional chord in me :
houseboat horror is a great title for this film .
for which i can give 10/10 .
comes ... ' for houseboat horror is easily the worst australian horror film i
it is so bloody awful ,
it sails straight through the zone of viewer contempt into the wonderful world of unintentional hilarity .
it is bloody awful.the category of 'worst ' comes not from the storyline
you have got highly-annoying youth
unfortunately
this only makes what you do get so ridiculous and amusing .
fan of one-time 'late show ' and 'get this ' member tony martin will already be aware of some of the real dialogue gem
to accompany the music video is so bad
you will be disappointed .
any fan of 'so-bad-it is-good ' horror should not pass up the opportunity .
some of the part are predictable
french horror cinema has seen something of a revival over the last couple of year with great film such as inside and switchblade romance bursting on to the scene .
and is surely one of the best french horror film ever made !
and this in turn is complimented by the excellent writing
that mal\u00e9fique makes the best of it is asset
director eric valette provides a great atmosphere for the film ;
will not be disappointed either as the ending both makes sense
mal\u00e9fique is a truly great horror film
and one of the best of the decade - highly recommended viewing !
it is a slow-moving but fascinating film for those
and longing to see and hold his beloved son .
the book is thrown from the room with a very fascinating character
that is a testament to interesting actor and fascinating characterization ,
because of hit amazing special effect and well orchestrated soundtrack
this film is terrible .
this are not the `` so bad
in addition to being an extremely fun movie ,
that the costume and scenery were wonderful .
fun loving woman had a great deal of money .
unfortunately
the character actor in this film were a great plus also .
this is possibly the worst film i have ever seen .
is bad enough ,
it 100 time worse.i had severe doubt about the premise of this film
it is too unrealistic to be enjoyed by anyone
but i am rarely impressed by slow-mo action ,
as the point is a ruck is rousing enough anyway.there are some funny
but a few mildly funny momants hardly make up
for watching two hour of complete faicated dross.if you are british avoid like the plague ,
predictable and ultimately over the top .
while not an incredible or ground-eaking piece of cinema ,
the movie is quietly enjoyable and good for a tired night
unfortunately
best of the zorro serial and one of my favorite serial
who the real bad guy is .
its simply a great action adventure film .
they have to be two of my favorite show on tv .
he is not the dumbest either . )
and it is not really that funny anymore .
where it can be funny
and it is ( hey he is making fun of our authority figure
comedy central though is just trying to hard to poke fun at him .
although i use this site quite frequently to see how other person rated what i think are challenging or just plain enjoyable film ,
who were quite frankly terrible .
the director and all of the cast for wasting 90 minute of my life and some perfectly good electricity .
is anded early as a bad influence on the child in the neighborhood .
who played vovochka too annoying to sympathize with ,
but bad thing still happen .
but here is what i thought of the film.i loved it .
which to me was the weakest part and a bit confusing .
surprisingly
she is just as smart and well written and beautifully played as stoltz 's part ,
something rarely seen these day .
it is really great .
but beautifully played- really gives you an idea of her power.the other part of the show
with the poor minority
and eric stoltz was very funny
overall a very interesting and wonderful evening.i am
giving the show a 9/10 ,
but it holds a great deal of fascination to me .
`` scarface '' and `` carlito 's way '' are all superb work of a cinematic craftsman at the peak of his power .
this has got to be one of the most unrealistic film with the worst portrayal of `` real '' uk polouse
but what the heck a good actor like charle dance was doing in it is a mystery.worse than the worse low budget `` b '' film of the 50 's .
an hour and a half of suicide and time i will never get back.avoid it like the veritable plague .
beautiful film
10/10 .
and is probably best taken as a general cartoon on the foible of both sex ,
and hitting numerous point of possible profundity on the basis
that saves it from being my least favorite piece of celluloid trash
it was by far the worst movie i
i generally avoid the crappy one ,
there is nothing remotely funny about this movie ...
even the `` adventure of dickman '' scene was sophomoric at best.. color me p***ed .
it is many things- stupid
pointless
offensively funny-
was pretty funny too .
i was really feeling sorry for the poor dad in this episode .
it was not the worst episode
but it was not that great .
not because of bad review
but because it was very expensive.that is my bush is a pretty funny spoof of an average network tv sitcom.it is also a political satire.now ,
but it is a very funny spoof of a sitcom
this may or may not be the worst movie
but it certainly was far from his best .
dreck like this certainly does nothing to enhance his reputation as a funny man .
that person do not want to see them in lousy movie .
then it should be funny .
but she does a great job portraying lois harlan as a woman tired of ,
and making fun of racial issue .
mencia 's main message in all of his performance is that we all have have a voice
i loved it is originality .
it is rare that someone makes a movie like this -
this would make a great movie -
but sadly
given the film 's theoretical theme of bestiality ,
thus `` la bete '' only opened in london by what could best be termed a fluke !
it is great !
it completely terrible
however the movie was just poorly written .
the death scene were just really bad and not entertaining at all .
the kid they chose to play the anti-christ was boring
just do not waste your time watching this .
but as the time goes by its just a pointless movie about muted
a good cop gets entangled in a mess of crooked cop and japanese gangsters.the okay result
very funny .
and quick-witted humor provide great entertainment .
hope davis is well cast as the `` gem of a wife '' .
have a great
( which is rarer
this is a great compliment ) .
unfortunately
who always plays jet li 's bad guy .
to avoid hurting each other ,
was messed with.that said ,
you just wasted 2 minute of your life reading this .
that the actor agreed to do such a waste of film
have sissy being 'beautiful ' didnt get to me .
those thumb were just stupid ,
if only those extremely annoying song would be axed .
after watching that horrible black
while black was weak to an extreme ,
is truly a rare treat to watch.overall ,
pessimistic outlook and a refreshing one at that !
a behind-the-scene look at the extent of the depravity and a rare ray of hope for indian cinema.8/10 .
that the monk try to avoid violence
she is funny ,
that perm she gets ! barbara stynwyck is fantastic as a doozie of a floozy
perfectly portrayed by a bank building .
a solid b movie.i like jake weber .
his understated delivery is refreshing in a time of over the top performance .
the good earth is not a great film by any mean ,
luis rainer and paul muni do an excellent job acting
also this film did not have any good character actor or funny moment ,
great
great
great !
the cast was great
the music was great
( the sixty had the best music ever
and that is the greatness of any drama .
but in one word : great !
director and editor seriously let this film down.i feel bad for the writer ,
but just end up as annoying.i wanted to like this film
like i would wasted my time
and the film maker had wasted their money .
the absolute worst movie i have seen in the last 20 year .
it could not be too bad a movie
no one should waste their time on this film .
( both excellent )
the story itself is not that great
on top of that the music was awful !
that music in movie such as these rarely have what one would call classic piece ,
disappointed is putting it mildly .
when it was just starting to past good into the excellent category :
and prevents the anti-discrimination message from being rubbed in our faces
( hence not ruining the `` fun '' for those
that message under the guise of pure action entertainment .
i am highly disappointed
whose character is sympathetic to her at first ,
that is at first sympathetic to the widow 's situation ,
boring girlfriend ,
and her mother is blamed as the root of his ineffectual existence .
he is unable to construct meaning in his life.one of the best film from britain in year ,
the mother is the rare kind of film
horrible angle
and terrible lighting .
the editing did not help this mess at all .
the deep conversation were marred by stupid clich\u00e9s .
and the dramatic confession boiled down to `` i was stupid and stubborn ''
that you do not blame her father for not coming
the song `` broken '' is haunting and the best thing
but the story is told so poorly
and the acting is horrible .
do not waste your time .
he plant in the mall in the dull finale.a fictional town
and their mutual `` funny '' friend pauly shore ,
we go for the fun ride
has given us two excellent novel ,
it is just a coincidence that both movie deal with family during thanksgiving reunions.the best thing in the film was the natural chemistry between the two star
convincing us about her marie.the only sad note is the waste of talent in the picture .
usually the first movie in a long string of sequel is the best of the bunch .
this movie was the worst of the bunch
they do the best they can so you put up with actor talking in front of fake background .
and was in great shape .
the movie also does no favor for `` the great white hunter '' image as c. auey smith ,
it is too bad there is not anything in here
this one looks great ,
this is really just a sentimentally cheap tear jerker
i am so disappointed .
and you need to change along with it.there are far more interesting and funny scenario
then he has to understand that our sense of humor and intelligence has to be stimulated - not insulted .
bland as a sack of flour and as exciting as a rock ... and as intelligent as all three combined.okay
who is about the worst kind of sheriff :
and ( this is the worst part ) ...
that not even mst3k can save ?
full version or mst3k version ! by the way ,
because you see jenna almost throughout the whole movie and nude most of the time.this movie is a big disappointment and such a huge waste of time .
who played viv vance - not great casting at all .
that was not too great .
and it is too bad
another thing i really liked about this film is how damn beautiful it is .
played excellently by peter egan in the final episode ,
his ability to lie and fake everything is what makes him into 'a perfect spy ' ,
does it wonderfully ,
to avoid confusion to its wide hispanic audience ,
the techie fan of nausica may be disappointed by the flying bug and the retro technology through out laputa
but it just became plain annoying .
thought-provoking drama with excellent performance from all the cast but especially derek luke and denzel washington .
who was taught to be a psychopathic murderer by a fun loving boyfriend
badly acted ,
poorly filmed
avoid this bilgewater .
this movie was the worst movie
that made this movie ! please do not waste hour of your life
please do not waste your time watching this movie ,
the acting was horrible too .
the shoot out is boring .
no more bad cop in it .
this movie is awful !
i am speechless i can not even describe how awful this is .
and the acting is awful !
how it could even get a vote of 1 its so bad .
god recently and loved it .
george burn did a great job .
6/10 acting
not great but some good acting.4/10 director
makes some stupid decision for this film.2/10 writer ,
and has huge amount of flaws.4/10 overall score for this movie.do not waste your time with this film ,
this is probably the most boring ,
worse and useless film i have seen last year .
emerged to me as a very bad hollow copy of the matrix
this movie stinks the commercialization and tend to be more a poor ad spot
that unfortunately will not end after 30 sec .
i would not recommend this to my worse enemy ,
and walked out ! ... .this was poorly script and put together
he needs to reconsider ... horrible !
... overall i give this movie a 2/10
is terrible .
but the script was so bad
if it would get worse .
its too bad
also highlight.the cast is not bad either .
the great john cassavetes does a solid performance as the new doctor in town .
( and the utah desert scenery was beautiful ) ,
because albert pyun has not written anything even remotely funny or coherent in his career .
unfortunately
and the movie 's the worse for it .
has a great body ,
has a great body
has a great body ,
`` as bad as this movie is
has a great derri\u00e8re ) .
you could do worse than rent this movie
-- not much worse
but worse nonetheless .
considered that a script should be edited or even funny .
there was a stupid plot about mind control and so many flat
unfunny moment .
despite a potentially funny cast and story idea ,
that will probably be too stupid for the average adult ,
it should have been wonderful .
when my boyfriend made fun of the whole she-bang .
this film is terrible .
! the plot is terrible .
some are not funny outright ,
to be funny
as though she lacks the kind of follow-through a good comedian
so it succeeds there.the special effect are horrible .
the character are messed up ;
that make it a bad movie ,
is that it was one of the most ridiculous concept ever.seeing
and has some funny aspect ,
its not the worst thing to see .
a running time of eight minute and a great amount of imagination
the subtlety of the screenplay is really remarkable ,
her reaction shot are incredible.overall rating :
and it was actually funny .
have great body as well .
that i can give to a film with such quality and quantity of nudity only 3/10 ?
that is otherwise unfunny and boring
that are not funny ,
this has got to be one of the worst movie i
are terrible .
how a talent like jack nicholson could direct such an awful movie .
make sure to avoid this turkey .
the cinematography fantastic
its excellent cinema and a must watch.brilliant attempt..
her girlfriend-in-cahoots is dull
and sadly
and when it fails ,
worse still
the entire movie is fantastic
the cast is excellent
and i just loved her in this flick .
basil rathbone is also perfect in this movie .
and loved it .
mind-numbingly boring and interminable
is fascinating ,
amazing how he humanizes a rich worthless character .
all of the acting in this film is excellent.the plot begins with a taxi ride
while not denying the great entertainment value of this film ,
causing a great deal of change and some conflict in his relationship with aster .
how bad it is .
but jared gave a great performance ,
the book was great ,
spend the great bulk of the film pathetically mewling
but to compare die hard series with cliffhanger is a far-fetched notion.the excellently
wrong conclusion ! not only is this not funny ,
because it is not bad in a schlocky
likable way but in a really bad way .
it is bad-bad .
the script does not contain a single funny line
is probably the single most annoying thing in this movie .
i am not easily frightened by bad comedy
that is fun to watch
those are equally funny
without question this 1984 version of dicken ' classic tale is the best ever made .
although the acting was wonderful.george c. scott is simply incredible as ebenezer scrooge .
and his scrooge project his emotion in a realistic manner.the supporting performance are uniformly excellent ,
and that is a disappointment .
in the best horror film fashion the pit of your stomach tightens every moment during this film .
the ending is superb .
a great movie and only a piece of japan 's great as far as scare factor a perfect score
but can not seem to find it - too bad ,
though at least actor like him would have done some worth to their roles.but unfortunately mr bachchan failed to impress as villain this proved
which is still a hit with present generation too.a good actor like ajay devgan 's talent are wasted
she is one of the worst actress
seen in a song with no excitement and passion mohanlal tried his best and susmitha sen 's work was good i somehow liked her work in this movie
`` citizen x '' is the superbly told true story of the hunt for one of history 's worst serial killer .
the location and set are perfect recreation of latter day soviet life .
and they have become a great resource for film
and the cinematography was great !
it looked like you all had a lot of fun
i voted 9/10
look carefully at the wonderful assortment of talent
that a good cast can not save a bad script .
poor whoopi goldberg .
it reminded me of a particularly bad episode of 'sigmund and the sea monster ' .
because it did not really ing across the message
and i absolutely loved it ,
it such a poor rating .
because you will be sorely disappointed .
bad joke and lame double entendre fly like there was no tomorrow .
it could probably get away with pg-13 at the worst .
this makes doris wishman 's chesty morgan film look positively wonderful in comparison .
very stupid
2/10 .
yet dull businessman thierry martin
( a solid and credible portrayal by judge reinhold ) .
and the ridiculous ly
and such fantastic idea is beyond all limit .
is even more horrible
a soft core porn film with lot of topless woman and a funny in that kitchy 70 's way film .
and what about the ridiculous plot
while this film is bad just for what it was meant to be ,
the movie does not look cheap really at all .
who was just plain awful in his role .
the girl have all got great set ,
it is a pretty bad picture ?
but they have little to no redeeming quality
so bad they are good
and there is just plain bad
boring waste of time .
the most puzzling aspect of this film is that *someone* green-lit and/or funded
ironically the best aspect of the film was its impressive labyrinthine mansion for its interior location .
what a wasted cast.this is one of the most disappointing film i
and hope i can forewarn you of the same disappointment .
and how bad it was
in my opinion this movie was very pointless and unnecessary and not even funny .
i really enjoyed the first two
they just keep getting worse 3/10 .
since he is my favorite character .
( his voice was awful
gadget loved his car more than would be called natural .
it is recommended for .
the war lover can only fully function in war
( played in the film by steve mcqueen in one of his greatest role )
who are the best soldier
the wonderful world of the open frontier ,
carole lombard is fun to watch .
and you get a mediocre movie experience.skid johnson
skid 's a great trumpeter ,
but this movie is so predictable and slow-paced
fred and carole try their best ,
in which maggie encourages skid to rise from the ash of alcohol and disappointment ,
unfortunately this year 's repertoire is very weak .
that this movie has great 3d effect .
as a teenager really enjoyed this movie !
mary kate and ashley worked great together
also they had some great soccer scene for all those soccer player !
superman himself is weak and in need of prozac .
this type of character rarely makes for an interesting hero .
the ending is absolutely ridiculous .
but horrible script .
backward evil message played on vinyl !
almost 20 year later trick or treat is still one of my all time favorite movie .
what we have now is the best for us ,
i thoroughly enjoyed this movie ,
and was not disappointed .
a great western/social comment from the 50 's .
i was really a disappointed ,
the story is very predictable
and the humor is lame .
felt not total riff off but a completely waste of time .
only the naked scene seem to be the best part in the movie .
not funny
dreadful story
3.5/10
this movie was nominated for best picture
but paul lukas beat out humphrey bogart for best actor .
why lucile watson was nominated for best supporting actor ,
not bad.well
7/10
it is a not very credible and fairly boring story about a minister 's wife
and that is why he is messing with skinny alexandra paul .
this is pure girl fun with the most fantastic cast of female lead .
pure fun and i recommend it to anyone looking for 84 minute of great escape .
professor jared diamond firing a muzzle-loader badly .
this part of the documentary was so bad ,
the worst was
his theory is equal part interesting and utterly boring .
led by a really bad orson well
then strange thing start to happen as the lady discovers a funeral taking place on a hill
this movie is great ,
it tells a very bad story .
that this is possibly the funniest movie i have ever seen .
robert harling 's script is near perfect ,
but she is great here
funny
funny
funny .
is possibly the worst train wreck i have ever seen .
that it was so awful
but he needed to prove to me how awful it was .
instead the acting was so awful ,
where the funniest thing in a comedy is an old woman
or perhaps it is the worst piece of trash ever made
fred gwynne is wonderful .
he nails the maine accent perfectly
to come back and rediscover a truly funny farce
as every gangster-movie clich\u00e9 is skewered by a talented cast and decent writing.not perfect by a long shot
but definitely good for a smile on a bad day .
an american in paris is a wonderful musical about an american painter
golden globe nominated gene kelly as the artist jerry mulligan is just perfect at both singing and especially dancing .
filled with nice romance and wonderful song and dance ,
it won the oscar for best art direction-set decoration
best cinematography
best costume design
best music
best writing
story and screenplay and best picture ,
and it was nominated for best director for vincente minnelli and best film editing ,
it was nominated the bafta for best film from any source ,
and it won the golden globe for best motion picture - musical/comedy ,
and it was nominated for best director for vincente millenni
and it was number 58 on the 100 greatest musical .
but clearly it was not the same one i saw.this movie is horrible .
is just terrible .
yet stanley can not understand enough to function
thinking christian clavier is able to act and to ing you fun .
i do not miss the 45 franc this poor thing cost me :
this film deserves a 2/10 ,
too bad for him
do not waste your time or money on this one .
it really is that poor .
reading some of the comment on the message board here i was expecting this movie
all of the actress delivered very funny performance
seems to be in its subtle feminist message :
to be more 'fun ' conflict with their feminist value
everyone i have recommended this film
to has loved it
and this film role is one of his best .
nor is the message new
the supporting cast of familiar faces and unfamiliar name is a perfect balance
as belushi 's wife is unfortunately two-dimensional and one wonder
renee russo is wasted and not terribly convincing at the `` prom queen ''
attempting to ing back physical pratfall and gag in place of funny dialogue is just a disaster .
technology would have made it cheaper to do many of the effect .
which is not at all a bad thing .
the stark and honest portrayal of the seldom seen dark side of the police force was quite possible my favorite aspect of the film .
dog bite dog entirely subverts typical notion of bad criminal
( unfortunately ) .
this is one of my least favorite thing about the genre .
the actress does an incredible job with this role
though it is unfortunately rather uneven .
all though to its credit it is solid and fairly realistic ,
a family of terrible person must remain in a house for a week or else
to see bad actors- many with ill fitting dentures-act or attempt to act in a bad horror movie this
this is just awful .
its so bad i thought al adamson
one of the worst director ever
but i was wrong.it so bad i do not want to say anything more about it ,
but because once i start i may not be able to stop.avoid
it is amazing that widmark did not kill the director
that it was nominated for best special effect
it is laughable to see various film critic
please do not waste your time on a film with such a disregard to the horror
as you watch those superbly filmed images.the movie probably will not affect your lifestyle ,
as it is one of the few stylistic earth documentary i truly enjoyed .
overly pointless `` transformer '' movie .
this little robotic gem ,
'' the greatest robot jock in marketplace
( who is the most over the top `` evil russian '' stereotype bad guy
that there are a great deal of twist and turn
`` robot jox '' is just plain fun .
it is still the best looking movie ever
unfortunately it did not quite pan out for them
this was made even worse by the fact
it is not the worst movie i
i would not have known about this film if not for its `` surprise '' oscar nomination for best animated feature film .
to catch this quiet gem of a film .
but the clear star of this film is clearly its amazing stylized artwork ,
william forsythe is cast as a macgyver-kick-ass-savingtheday- kinda hero lacks credibility .
as a matter of fact i find bad b-movie quite amusing .
then it might have been fun .
i have gotten more laugh going to a funeral then
perhaps on of the greatest actor of his generation
stiller is his unfunny self
why this movie tanked badly ,
it is just awful
worst then gothika
worst the plan 9
worst the ishtar
worst then the golden child .
he is not funny ,
he is a god awful actor ,
this movie i was unaware of how awful life was and probably still is for the south african child and adult
to tell their own story is simply amazing .
you probably do not get 'm any worse ,
etcetera it is all bad
very bad.but
that is what makes it a 'great ' watch ,
the worse
the story is goddamn ridiculous ,
also pointless
but damn funny.and look out for the very very end of the movie ... uhum .
and generally they are all very poor
but this one is so bad
where the character does the stupid irrational thing
they do not bother to interview his daughter.as for the ridiculous ending .in summary
very unrealistic and a complete waste of time.0/10 \u0096 one of the worst film ever made .
that the best oscar ceremony in recent year was in 2003 for two reason :
no one had adrien brody down for best actor
or roman polanski for best director
but they won last year 's award ceremony was not too bad
even if it was not the best in the trilogy
to give their honest opinion on the winner and loser chris rock was not too bad ,
because the award is for best animated short or best costume design
they are as well deserved as best picture or best director .
and if it was not for the surprise this could possibly have been the worst ceremony in history .
as for the award themselves best supporting actress - cate blanchett .
no great surprise for a competitive category
best supporting actor -
since freeman is one of america 's greatest living character actor best actor - jamie foxx .
most predictable award of the night .
yawn best actress - hilary swank .
and gave the best speech of the night best director - clint eastwood .
he did not deserve it for the aviator best film - million dollar baby .
the academy would split the award for best director and best picture
the hollywood friendly plot of the aviator would have made it a dead cert for best picture
i mean a beautiful mind
at first sight this movie does not look like a particular great one .
after all a bette davis movie with only 166 vote on imdb and a rating of 6,5 must be a rather bad one .
but the movie is surprisingly well constructed
that is perfectly entertaining.the movie is quite short
that the story does not waste any time on needless plot line
but this never goes at the expense of its entertainment or fun.a delightful pleasant simple romantic-comedy
that deserves to be seen by more ! 8/10
he is without a doubt one of the greatest actor of all time ,
if he made a bad movie i
could blame it on the screenwriter or director ,
i wasted 2 and a half hour of my life on this snooze fest and i will never get that time back .
this is by far the worst heston movie
if you are not do not waste your time ,
`` grand canyon '' is a great movie .
it affirms kevin kline as my favorite actor .
this film incorporates all of the worst stereotype
you could imagine in a worst-case scenario
for that matter one of the worst film ever made .
i have seen a great many film ,
what the filmmaker do with the concept is unexpected and fun .
that work beautifully .
it is fun ,
and that is very refreshing .
and they are amazing
it really could have been funny .
was not funny ,
because it was not sooo awful ,
.cervi portray artemisia so beautifully
was overtly beautiful ,
and clothing was perfect for that point in time.overall i thought
this film was fantastic .
i was extremely disappointed by this film .
curly 's perfect mimic of a recording of `` voice of spring '' is mistaken for the real thing ,
his performance is amazing ,
that `` a bird in the hand '' is the last great curly short ,
the casting was poor
but the girl victim is partly to blame .
that is worth watching.3.2/10
and i really enjoyed this flick .
i enjoyed myself here a lot
is funny hearing person rail against this movie with excuse like `` lame plot ''
it was the perfect duke plot .
they do a great job
it is just a great dumb movie !
without the mayhem.this is a great antidote to the mock horror currently popular in the usa an any relationship between person of different age .
it would be wonderful
-- there is no greater crime against peace than the refusal
( awful )
the munster revenge is among the most disappointing
a wonderful comedienne and essential to the series
is completely wasted -
there was an awful revival of the series in the late 1980 's with a completely new cast and a 1990 's tv movie
whom participated in this awful conflict ,
will smith is one of the best actor of all time .
he has a rare gift of pulling
this movie is one of the best movie
amazing and sad all at the same time .
this self proclaimed `` very talented artist '' have directed easily the worst spanish film of the 21st century .
so lame it should be shown at film school as an example of `` what not to do '' in a first movie.btw
and it is quite awful to see the action
which was misled by some faulty terrible review about the movie
poor acting and producing ,
and a lot of inexactitude of `` space race '' .the movie is the tedious rendering of well-known in russia historical fact .
the idea of black female as gunslinger in the western day is ridiculous .
the combination of the two thing is ridiculous.i am sorry
because some of the person in the movie are not bad actors/actress
but the movie itself was awful .
and using a great line from a great
great movie ... ''
was one of my childhood favorite and i must say
to be enjoyed by child ,
it can be watched and enjoyed by adult as well .
is that one can not see past the \u0091bad ' effect
in my mind this film is one of the first great adventure film of the 20th century .
which creates a wonderful mixture
all of that is mainly due to the great story
great film and although an 'oldie '
someone has the ain and gut to release this one on dvd someday.8/10
and the stupid transformation ?
that i was looking forward to getting hooked on another great cable series
it was a rare momant
robert siodmak does a fabulous job with this b noir starring ella raine
or another never reached the status of some of her `` noir '' counterparts.siodmak 's use of sex
'' and `` the greatest show on earth . ''
pushing against his ain.phantom lady does not have the greatest plot ,
any player in hollywood history lasted as long as david niven did given most of the weak film
it would be great to see a contemporary documentarian
and tenderness with great set and beautiful location shot .
i enjoyed all the character
while the outcome was pretty predictable
and watch this fun
the song are weak .
this movie is incredibly underrated.sharon stone is great in her role of catherine trammell
thewlis however was lame .
who smartly avoids being sucked in by the dehumanizing war machine ,
to avoid being sent overseas ,
perfect irony.the acting is truly exceptional ,
but lookalike mcdoake gets the message .
the poor guy is so nervous about his big moment ,
they do find a niche in the film business for poor mcdoake .
it is worth seeing this very funny short subject
shark frenzy should have been the best movie ever.it is not.the monster looks like a villain from power ranger ,
and so on.the costuming is bad ,
the acting is poor ,
but the writing is by far the worst .
unless that person is the mad scientist in this movie.the bad thing is ,
boring )
that even its badness is not really enough to hold a person 's prolonged interest .
it might be a good one to mst3k with your friend
if you happen to catch this bad boy on ,
the movie was terrible ! ! !
easily the worst movie i have seen in the past few year .
that it was the worst movie i
to that burning question `` what is the worst movie
enjoyed the message
it is too bad
who stuck around until the end of this incredibly boring movie .
the book is pretty boring too
but i enjoyed the parallel
the story and acting was the worst i
including the use of toy airsoft gun with terrible special effect ,
where just as bad as everything else .
i am all for bad language
the movie also appears to have been filmed using cheap video camera and not actual film .
that this was a terrible waste of a free movie rental coupon .
unfortunately for me ,
both became film noir classic of the 1940 's
being arguably the most perfect noir
in order to cut to the chase.cain 's double indemnity was filmed perfectly by billy wilder -
let 's ignore stanwyck 's ridiculous wig as one of those interesting accident of film lore !
i will recommend the lana turner - john garfield version of 1946 in its entirety and five minute of the 1981 jack nicholson - jessica lange version for the great sex scene on the dining table.ossessione is not as noirish
which makes it a great movie ,
but a lot of the essential noir element are missing .
is a far greater study of the working class than of crime .
fan of noir and realism will definitely like ossessione ,
jackson and pal succeeded with bad taste ;
a lesson in how not to make a cheapo horror
but rather that a ) he has a lousy script b )
he has a lousy cast
that he has a lousy script and cast .
( who currently has an incredible 34 title under his belt as a director )
and soon get rather tedious.so
this is a really bad film
with almost no redeeming feature .
it feature the single greatest mullet in the history of film ,
it has 'pathetic stealth zombie ' :
best known for lurking behind a door for hour waiting for someone
'pathetic stealth zombie ' also occasionally hide behind low wall
posing as member of the congregation.normally a film this bad would get 1/10 for me
i will generously raise my rating to 2/10 .
simon andreu is perfect as alcan notara .
this movie was horrible.they did not develop any of the character at all
it was just that bad ! ! !
do not waste your time and money on a crappy movie like d-war .
the power to dream is a wonderful thing .
the fallen star has taken the form of a beautiful girl
plot and dialogue have many predictable element ,
`` thinking is the best way to travel . ''
because the brian jamestown massacre 's intergroup dysfunction refused them the ability
in and this is one of the stupidest kid i would care to watch a documentary about.the documentary
that he made really great music .
is that then we are left with a story about some self-centered obnoxious twerp running around the country calling
who seems to have any fun .
person like anton are best left forgotten .
why mainstream music is so dull
it still shows how bad this documentary is that it cuts it down that way.
what a superb movie the story starts on the day of the wedding between sean cloney and sheila kelly in the 1950s .
is propaganda of the worst sort i do not claim to know the exact detail of what happened in county wexford
but sheila is not blameless herself .
for himself a love divided is a superb movie
could have helped but i reckon this to be one of his worst performance .
acting debut.om puri won a national award for this film for the best actor .
filmfare award winner for best film
even sympathetic psycho ,
too bad
the rest of the movie is such a waste .
sy does something so irredeemably stupid
' is a terrible copout.the dialogue is of the absolute worst sort .
or bad in any other way
that could be considered fun
even for bad-movie lover .
hideously functional
3/10 .
or it would greatly insult them .
a tired picard decides to take a trip into the holodeck and a wonderful adventure begins .
the setting are superb and almost movie like .
this gem of a first season episode set the holodeck for many interesting and unusual adventure
these picture should only be watched with the note-perfect gottfried huppertz score ,
lang is presented with greater challenge in staging .
the action sequence in his earliest feature were often badly constructed ,
what makes this picture enjoyable is its beautiful sense of pageantry and musical rhythm .
how much he was wasted in hollywood .
featuring ton of fascinating interview and news reel footage.drug film :
that it should endure forever.the acting is excellent .
is also excellent .
is great ,
fabio frizzi 's score was one of the best thing about the '79 movie .
two bland macho type
this dull follow-up opt for the more traditional `` man with a bit of paint on their faces '' option .
the climax rips off too many romero movie to even be funny ,
while the use of the dj is a crass and cheap narrative device .
unfortunately
fulcus would regard as the worst crime of all :
that of being boring .
very well and beautifully done.if you are looking for action or for intense drama ,
this is a great film to watch .
and it is not funny .
that itself does not mean that the movie is bad .
do not shoot the messenger
this a bad movie .
great actor .
- the psychology however is of poor quality .
and the mother made awful mistake
that the shyest boy comes to such terrible thing .
and confirmed for me that director and scriptwriter are bad psychologist ,
badly directed garbage .
a mediocre nihilist sadistic gorefest ...
the acting is really poor ,
and this is the best of them ,
when there is nothing else on ... seed is just really really poor .
that competes with the best of soap opera .
do not forget jealousy can ing about tainted heart and murder .
widely considered by many to be one of the best stooge film with shemp .
and it was released six week after his death.7/10 .
the flaw is that martha is badly underdeveloped
a funny take on the lion king ,
surprisingly amusing .
surprisingly
`` lion king 1 1/2 '' is actually another funny straight-to-video ,
we get to see them make fun of the event in the first film .
as timon 's mom and grumpy uncle.so does not this sound fun .
that it is not that serious in its plot makes it the more enjoyable .
and i like all bad teacher want to give it ten out of ten
that this is one of those rare gem :
a perfect comedy .
it is i would venture one of the greatest comic film of all time .
matthau and lemmon are perfectly matched and mismatched .
the girl are superb
and the situation are side-splittingly funny .
you do not have to swear to be funny ,
sandra was quite funny from what i remembered .
the only facial movement i had throughout the movie was jaw dropping stunned at how awful a movie i just suffered through.the person
this is one of the funniest movie of all time please point out one line
this is the best movie i have come across in a long while .
not only is this the best movie of its kind
but lacks any real fizz .
everybody but jed is just annoying .
featuring two of the most inexorably enjoyable name in american movie
unshakably beautiful and gracefully spunky parker posey and endlessly charismatic and unavoidably hilarious jeff goldblum .
of it all for me is that it is such a novel approach to the sequel of a movie about a garbageman and a struggling novelist in a small town .
she would not win any award even at her best ,
but she is no worse than many an actress
that of bo being the `` perfect 10
really bad .
and bad sum up their take on edgar rice burrough 's literary icon
what is worst ?
this film is boring !
mile went on to a solid career as a b movie icon
that were not great art ,
but a million time more fun than this one .
and fun !
and you will have wasted 107 minute of your life .
who plays the bad
2 ) the plot is ridiculous .
which was a complete waste of 15 minute of film .
there are a couple of redeeming quality of `` blood surf ''
but fails to succeed with clunky expositional dialogue ,
who does not demand so much boring clarity .
an unfunny
actually consider this a `` so bad ,
which makes me glad to not have watched it all the way through.this is even worse than `` zombiez '' do not watch !
it is basically saw but in china and a whole hell of a lot worse .
absolutely awful in my opinion ...
now it had some great potential on a bigger budget
but poor scripting
poor dialogue
awful acting ,
made this movie truly awful.there are movie worth
but this was simply awful .
but the overall unrealism and truly awful acting makes for an awful experience .
you will not be disappointed .
which germany had not previously done to any great extent .
again a massacre of woman could have cost the nazis what mediocre level of support
we all enjoyed the movie .
emma robert did a superb job
they were functional ,
editing and directing were excellent .
it was a totally enjoyable experience .
i am disappointed
than anything about this wonderful family film .
and hoped for the best .
i really enjoyed the actor and their character .
they all gave a great performance
and never got boring for a single minute.i highly recommend this movie for those
definitely a 10/10 from me .
is excellent in the title role .
it is the more amazing
and puts some great picture of the 30 's to shame
this is rather perfect .
( usually great )
is how bad they are .
that end up making a horrible horror film .
this is one of my favorite family movie .
loved it
i really holds that great message
or at least that is the message i gained from it .
definitely recommended for a good old family movie night .
and social critique could not translate into a bad movie .
i was wrong.this flick is a terrible movie experience
a terrible directorial job
and feel like a bad
look poorly shot ,
by avoiding
jennifer jason leight does a great job
it looks extremely stupid ,
this is a clear example of poor character development.the movie also has many secondary
the thug are also a joke in their lack of development.- the soundtrack is one of the worst i
terrible job by mark knopfler .
it also feel completely poor and anachronic ;
that are so funny as this one .
but that is perhaps for the best - a bit of rest in-between the rolling amongst the aisle
gerard phillipe is absolutely perfect in this movie
funny
never boring ,
the best french movie of all time .
that my favorite character is tish ,
the character are the predictable mix of lord of the ring nerd and star trek enthusiast .
recognizing the humor and fun
and mess with his head.subzero was a major event in the life of mr freeze .
a lot of formula topped off by a mediocre setpiece on a cruise boat .
the `` story '' are almost completely forgettable except for the fact
that most of them were awful .
making fun of french clich\u00e9s ,
we get it.the worst segment were :
( the worst ?
and it was stupid
but i did not find it funny .
just annoying .
it is the best segment in the whole film
but the underlying tone was bad .
`` paris je t'aime '' was an awful cinematic experience .
one of the best film i have seen in the past five year !
funny
this is a totally refreshing take on urban youth
dull ,
and formulaically chaotic.director yurek bogayevicz has a message hidden within `` anna '' about the falsehood of czechoslovakia
it is emotionally boring and unbelievable .
( played by the weak robert field ) ,
this but `` anna '' could have been a fantastic film
while my favorite scene was near the end
this scene is also one of my least favorite .
\u0096 `` anna '' slipped far in the scope of amazing cinema .
but fails either because kirkland will not allow him or he just realizes
the costume are completely ridiculous and the person
avoid this show at all cost ,
it is terrible and ridiculous .
-- nuff said.the original show may not have been great tv ,
this in my opinion is the best of them all .
it is remarkable and quite praiseworthy how writer and director continue to make great movie out of one of the oldest and most ( over )
what makes this routine action/thriller so fascinating
person with a weak stomach or tangled nerve are advised to stay away from this film ,
`` dog bite dog '' is a powerful and unforgettable film ,
highly recommended
bob clampett 's 'porky 's poor fish ' is a so-so cartoon
'porky 's poor fish ' occupy an uncomfortable area between a standard black 'n ' white porky cartoon and one of the books-come-to-life merrie melody
unfortunately
to recommend 'porky 's poor fish ' over any of the other below-par early porky cartoon .
in lieu of an engagement ring all three exchange their childhood engraved ring with one another .
-- not surprisingly
tarzan faces the greatest peril
( he was a great swimmer
and had a great shout )
but the sympathetic character reminds one of the many good thing about the south as well .
wow ! what a great idea for a movie !
it was great.but what i really wondered was ,
if the movie 's so cheaply made
the title premise could have been the basis for a fun
we are treated to cheap
as rino di silvestro 's messy film completely lacks vision ,
werewolf woman is often seen as a guilty pleasure or a 'so bad
but werewolf woman is indeed a bad film ,
it does not even make for a fun watch ,
which are padded out with extremely dull talking sequence
and while i can stomach huge dose of bad acting
and poorly done plot line ,
it is so bad
bad acting
a stupid mutt as the wolf ,
the special effect are made in the 80 's style.the movie is almost as bad as the movie `` megalodon '' .so have fun !
the most amazing
and the kind of production standard you would expect fromteen-produced child 's show on itish tv.greatest mystery :
and wehave what must be on of the greatest ratio of money
this movie is a gem
acting on all part is superb
and the light piano rhyme in the background is just perfect as the soft
i have to comment on this wonderful
the music in wonderful and memorable .
wonderful music .
aside for being classic in the aspect of its cheesy line and terrible acting ,
i really enjoyed the original ,
a great popcorn movie for any horror fan.which ings us to `` the hill
in true hollywood fashion we need to make them the dumbest ,
and worst soldier ever seen .
once again the special effect by nicotero are great ,
but the kill no matter how graphic become boring
and predictable .
but i found it predictable
boring
and he has been involved with many of my favorite horror film ,
but sadly this is not one of them .
which to be perfectly honest
but that was the only `` good `` part.overall a pointless watch .
who do decide to heed the message
hazlehurst won her first of two afi award in the space of four year for her amazing portrayal of nora ,
the best ting
( the best part of the film ) .
this was the worst film i have ever seen ,
andy griffith again plays his role best in this cbs tv-movie .
this movie is wonderful .
acting all are fantastic .
and enough bad joke
looking for the perfect body
pretty lame all the way around
nothing redeeming here .
that great movie pull you inside a world ,
it was one of the best filmgoing experience
once in a while you get amazed over how bad a film can be ,
amazing ...
starting with the great cinematography
i have seen several adaptation of this great novel ,
who will buy this beautiful movie ?
the special effect were excellent
to work with one of the greatest actress of all time .
the supporting cast was also superb especially anna fari
this film is clearly a 10/10 for it is cast
this film is very highly recommended .
lot of great stunt and choreography .
do not mess with manchu thug ;
this is a typical low budget 1970 's mess .
and what there is you could do in your backyard with a cheap costume and a camcorder ;
it is that this is such a mess of bad acting
bad character
lousy story and no thrill
it does not fit into the `` so bad
nor can you get a laugh out of how bad it is without the help of illicit substance .
it is mostly a lot of boring footage of the person camping
which is completely stupid ;
did writer 's block set in so badly ,
the sound was so bad
from rubbish like `` terror on tour '' to ridiculously fun gem like `` slumber party massacre 2 . ''
and it is easily the best of this mostly awful
( played by the late great tony field . )
eddie favorite radio dj gives him sammi 's final recording .
and bad thing start happening to those
this is movie 's weakest point ,
it is load of fun .
the ever-wonderful rosanna arquette plays an actress
who might be seen as a threat to their bond.unfortunately mandy schaeffer
she delivers such a terrible performance
but she fails on both count .
almost completely unalluring and not even bad enough to be amusing
that it would still be fairly enjoyable to watch .
it proved to be not at all enjoyable ,
i have saved you two odd hour by summarising this poor excuse of a horror movie ,
a fantastic show and an unrealized classic ; the league of gentleman remains as one of the greatest modern comedy of recent times.with a dark and bizarre style of humor
yet unfortunately far more acknowledged successor
several fan favorite 's ,
binded together various set of sketch into a series ' long story arc.the third series is both a refreshing change of pace of style
that only delve deeper into fan favorite 's
this one was just to pathetic for my gory tumste .
but this particular movie was lame .
the acting was horrible
scarecrow slayer was even worse !
but too bad they gave her such lousy song to sing in this movie .
that this would be awful ,
that is also pointless .
fan of cheap laugh at the expense of those
who seem to be asking for it should stick to peter b 's amazingly awful book ,
what a waste of money
whenever the storyline becomes too tedious ,
the beautiful guide dog in the series ! whilst the story themselves may have been no better than the average series
`` this could have made a great movie . ''
but unfortunately somewhere in universal 's high-rise a memorandum came down :
( de niro and lewis ' seedy exchange in an empty theater is the film 's best scene ) ,
avoid a trip to the cape .
unfortunately for him the man
and there are some genuinely amusing part as well as some ridiculous scene such as pat morita jumping and kicking right through a the windshield of a moving car and kicking madra in the head .
but it ends up being an enjoyable buddy cop movie
without being stupid
that the show is much to serious for my taste and boring ...
the rifle greatest of the west
that will imitate posteriorly other great hollywood star .
i loved the first season .
which however had a great middle
religious claptrap of the worst kind !
the ultimate disappointment !
frakkin shame.1/10 .
this is the worst kind of film
it is beautifully photographed ,
but ultimately lacks the depth and tension of the dance around
i sure loved that advertisement !
and sticking his finger up his butt to display his disappointment !
lion king 1 1/2 is a very fun and addictive sequel .
or not will greatly depend on your sense of humor .
than this may not be your cup of tea.animation is the best
but are presented more with the familiarity of comfortable quirk of old friend than annoyingly repetitive.the music has made me realize
how much i enjoyed and miss a good musical integrated with a disney feature .
and the integration of new plot element is done almost perfectly ,
and frankly loved it .
his sophistication is such a perfect contrast to the crudely good hero .
it is not perfect ;
but it has so many redeeming feature
that it is an enjoyable and amusing fantasy ,
i enjoyed it even more !
it truly is great fun .
as if it were a mediocre movie of some run-of-the-mill dudes.the movie
is great
funny
loved every single bit of it .
made for fun ,
as to me - it is amazing .
his modern one are much weaker in my humble opinion
and do not deserve much hype.total 10/10 - a legendary movie in its genre .
little knowing how badly he will soon need it .
even worse
but it presumably helped keep him warm at night.another disappointment is pamela sue martin in a totally ineffectual performance as the mother .
andrew and tierney are reunited with director preminger in a film noir
andrew is perfectly cast as the earnest cop
a great and prolific screenwriter
and preminger creates a great atmosphere .
wonderfully put together..i wish
it was great..the film was not long enough..i would like to know
maybe not directly funny ,
then you would not get why this is funny .
great robert bloch
and its excellent
and sadly final installment to the awesome saga about the incorruptible samurai-constable hanzo 'the razor ' ittami
( illiantly played by the great shintar\u00f4 katsu ) ,
`` sword of justice '' became an instant favorite of mine ,
as its predecessor it is definitely another great piece of cult-cinema
one of my personal favorite actor
and deliberately insults his superior ,
this is sadly the last film in the awesomely sleazy 'hanzo ' series .
up being great friends.i
actress kim ha nul was also charming as usual.this movie tried hard to avoid any clich
this movie was excellent .
the cinema-photography is excellent ,
bound to be in oscar contention for best foreign film .
unfortunately there was not a 0 for a rating or else
this movie lacks the star power
ridiculous !
it was a poor sequel to an otherwise lovable movie .
to acquire the title `` worst movie of all time '' ,
this film can be regarded as belonging to the `` so bad ,
but this performance as a randy ghost is so incredibly bad ,
it is the ultimate daddy hate boyfriend entertainment.katey sagal is great as well ,
she is.amy davidson can get a tad annoying as kerry ,
i give this show a great review
because it is a great show
you will enjoy it.9/10
she lands the plane perfectly .
and it turns out useless for all intensive purposes.bad
d i can not help but imagine all the excellent
i loved this ,
that a person did bad thing in a previous life .
and at best
and this is when the fun starts.erik 's team are mostly american
as with all great documentary
the first 20 minute are great ,
the monster looks superb and the cgi is reasonably done .
that the rest of the movie is such a disappointment
but here it is not subtle about making the american ain-dead moron .
if a yank has raped the director mother.the grieving scene was really poor and the part of the movie
the whole virus sideline is ridiculous .
( or stupid ) ,
but to make it worse
the actor are not the best .
but unfortunately that were not the only disgusting image to be shown .
bad actor
that make you want to vomit ... 1/10
but is not it easier to say that what he does is just beautiful art .
let me tell you about this god awful movie
adam sandler fared bad in going overboard ,
and jen leone 's favorite
if the plot does not sound too bad ,
could be 'fashion of 1922'one thing more disappointing than the photography or editing or the direction is the acting ,
what would have been enlivened for modern viewer by mugging and scene chewing of some of the worst silent film ,
is here merely dull to watch .
who is not only beautiful
for why she never attained true stardom.the worst
wooden acting and bad direction .
that he could be a terrible director
boring
the few programme i heard therefore made a great impression on my young mind ,
but the tribute paid by the sioux chief makes great sense to me `` a man becomes what he dreams '' .
is a great biopic about one of the world 's most talented author and painter .
the soundtrack was great ,
and the casting was perfect .
i highly recommend this great biopic about one of the world 's most talented author and painter .
this movie was great
that is so visually annoying
playing game is fun ,
playing some lousy even-more-orange-tinted lame full-immersion video game her dog runs off
( while she is ignoring her lousy orange-tinted reality )
so she wants to be the best of the best ,
and has no redeeming quality aside from her physical beauty
finally the sucky boring bland orange-tinted movie is no longer a tedious chore to watch ,
to redeem himself slightly by burying this lousy lame moronic cruddy movie with a philosophical twist.the director
and ruin all chance of redemption for this awfully lousy movie
which was a waste of money
a waste of time
and a waste of viewer trust.after
i am putting this hack on my `` avoid at all cost '' list for any other film his name is attached to .
it was one of the best film submitted ) .
the acting is solid ,
and the look of the film is solid .
endearing and funny portrayal of a character with tourette 's syndrome i
because its the mood of the film and the really nice social realistic picture which are nice in this film ... ... ... ..a lot of person will say its disgusting ... ... but its not that bad ... i think its more used for the marketing ... .and there is some really funny moment ... a 60 old woman stripping ... ..i guarantee its the most unsexy striptease in film history ... ... its movie
and as we all know movie can win over reality when it comes to doing sick thing ... ... ... .so its much worse in the real world ... ... .if you survive the movie
could not be all bad .
( and that is the main sign of an awful film :
january jone ' acting is unbelievably bad ,
as to be completely predictable
avoid at all cost .
this is possibly the most boring movie in history .
why anyone would have enjoyed this movie ,
dull
however this was an era of bad television all around .
( although marketeer decided to go with a more fun rubik 's cube icon for the movie .
opened up in surprisingly simple and innovative way
i was very disappointed .
inspector gadget was probably my all-time favorite 80 's cartoon .
i enjoyed both the first and second season of the series as well as 1992 's christma special `` inspector gadget saves christma '' .
all the fan from the original series enjoyed the gadgetmobile transforming into the gadget van and vice versa .
of taking over for the great don adam as inspector gadget .
the great wambini
.looking for more redeeming factor for this movie ?
you will surely be disappointed.hopefully
volume 1 '' and `` inspector gadget saves christma '' dvd 's which are excellent
it is amazing
no great effort has been made
this buffet has so many great ingredient ,
unless you are purposely trying to watch the worst movie of all time .
this could possibly be the worst movie ever made .
it is certainly the worst movie i have ever had to sit through .
annoying narration
terrible cinematography effect .
to start a fight.one of the best scene
would have been a highlight of the movie.ridiculous camera work
that worked in `` it is a wonderful life
that sometime money and a great-looking yet shallow wife do not make up everything in a man 's life
just like `` it is a wonderful life ''
forgettable and truly sweet
the problem with all the `` it is a wonderful life '' retreads out there
as `` it is a wonderful life '' was .
it with plenty of popcorn and soda in a darkened room.dan basinger 8/10
very bad acting
were boring
and very lame.this is one of the worst sci-fi i
but it sucked so bad.now there is really very few good movie on alien subject ,
give it 3/10
`` jane eyre is a great great book ,
it is true that this movie 's two lead were sadly miscast .
because the screenwriter left out all of the best scene .
the jane and rochester have a meeting of mind and a shared sense of fun ...
that he has surgically removed the love from one of the best love story
surely he is not the avatar of subtlety ,
( and throughout some sadly tedious and overlong sequence )
is a literally perplexing showcase of pure terror and easily one of the most unforgettable and nail-biting denouement i ever witnessed.the cast michael winner managed to gather is deeply impressive ,
my personal pick for best performance go to burgess meredith as the uncanny neighbor and eli wallach as the satirical police inspector .
even though he sport a ridiculous mustache .
most of the dialogue is laughable
an overt avoidance of accessibility may be the intentional hallmark of auteur like kar-wai wong and tarantino ,
the only redeeming characteristic i find is in the production value ,
or thought to sustain all the remarkable and beautiful individual scene .
without some external context are not my idea of fun.call me a philistine roaming the street of hong kong
crenna is not a bad choice as walter neff ,
but samantha egger is a really bad choice .
it really is that bad of a movie .
of while i was watching this `` gem ''
a mercilessly corny and painfully unfunny attempt
this is really as bad
he was much funnier in the hbo movie el diablo
truly the best and funniest thing about black bart is the name of his horse !
max steiner 's score is unforgettable .
`` the tenant '' is roman polanski 's greatest film imo .
it is also a great black comedy .
polanski does a great job acting the lead role in `` the tenant '' as well
it is mgm character actor stunt-casting at its funniest.the lead are straightforward ,
( the marx brother ' nemesis in _night in casablanca_ and the always-wonderful _night at the opera_ ) ,
instead of driving them apart as their `` usual '' character would do.it also pokes fun at many romantic-comedy convention ,
this must have been one of the worst movie i have ever seen.i have to disagree with another commenter ,
i found them pretty bad :
the actor were awful
you will waste your money .
but this was a waste of time .
that made this movie for money wasted on rental cost and time lost .
and it has always been a huge favorite of mine .
he is the bad boy every woman secretly wants .
so it was all very real.the music is great and even though in later year i thought
the camera work was so perfect
the transfer quality was great - anamorphic widescreen
and really clear with great color and very low noise except for dark area
which is normal for all film.brought back some great memory of my mom and i loving this movie together ,
would have loved to watch
the first half of it is incredibly meandering and tedious ,
while the `` hijacking '' only takes place towards the end with some very poorly executed low speed car chase .
not only would these be rather cheap to pick up
the car chase are very badly shot ,
with distant and badly timed camera angle and minimal traffic on the road ,
which are equally bad .
after another pathetic chase sequence
what follows here is one of the most downright laughable and hideously awful special effect i
superimposed flame suddenly appear from every window with awful sound effect
it is so badly done
it looks even funnier .
it feels so cheap
but with the laughable effect ,
poorly executed car chase ,
awful acting and ludicrous character ,
and see one of the most poorly done ,
low budget mess of amovie ever created ,
poorly made
poorly edited
poorly paced and tedious piece of low budget drivel
that fails on all count .
including lot of cheap nuimage/nu-world action picture ,
that ... let 's listen to donner make fun of lester 's version
tweaking
and its ambiguity refreshing in a world of quick-fix film
does a great job of portraying the family black sheep/lost child
it is not really as bad
please do not get fooled by `` a stanley kuick '' film tag.this is a very bad film
which unfortunately has been hailed as one of the deadliest horror film ever made.horror film should create such a fear
who for the most of time is busy pampering a kid actor.no need to blame the bad weather for the tragedy.it can not be avoided
and poor kuick is not alive to make any change .
the five deadly venom is a great kung-fu action movie
great choreography
awful dubbing
and a wide range of greatly exaggerated
such as when x character receives horrible injustice.another thing i love about the five deadly venom is the beautiful simplicity of the movie 's moral and theme .
very poorly scripted
are insensitive and bumbling at best
and predatory monster at worst .
display all the weakness of a first film ,
perhaps this could be the best movie ever made
as what brian de palma deliver here is a great piece of cinematographic artwork .
he might be one of the best director ever ,
there is the superb performance from al pacino
there are the many superb one-liner
there are the superb little detail
or the great discomusic from giorgio moroder .
`` good fellas '' and `` white heat '' one of the best gangstermovie ever made !
( they all put on great performance ) ,
the movie opens with a great zinger :
or was it just to see the character struggle with accusation of racism and stupidity of how they handled the discovery ?
*spoiler warning*first of all i rated this movie 2/10.the idea is good ,
but there are too many stupid error in the movie ,
that i find most unbelievably is that ethan fails to control the crew
a funny note is that my girlfriend thought
two actor from the same successful tv-series ... . a cheap way to get viewer ?
this movie is bad .
i do not just mean 'bad ' as in ;
`` oh the script was bad ''
`` the acting in that scene was bad '' ...
..i mean bad as in someone should be held criminally accountable for foisting this unmitigated pile of steaming crud onto an unsuspecting public .
no one goes out to intentionally make a bad movie ,
but the worst of it is that blockbuster is actually renting this to their customer !
cat loll about while mother edith insult her daughter 's elocution .
( other than that they were poor and clean ) .
grandmother talking about her gloriously perfect past
while her daughter continually blamed her for missed opportunity with man
but the filmmaker did an amazing job
it is rare to see true life this way and all the more special
it also misrepresent the christian most of the time as either incredibly naive or fundamentalist ,
highly unprofessional and dreadfully biased .
this is one of the worst movie
but the acting is shockingly bad .
and crime story part of it was very predictable.if
which may mean that the other one is really bad !
this film is pretty bad too ;
which is not helped by the atrocious acting and stupid plot line .
otherwise the film would have been really boring .
zombie bloodbath looks really cheap too ,
it all boils down to a typically predictable and pointless ending and overall i can not say
a struggling actor finds the best way
but what makes break a leg a real gem is the sardonic look into the existence of the struggling
break a leg is one of those rare independent film
i remember reading all the horrible
horrible review for this film
how horrible it was but it was out of theater in three week .
how awful it was .
let me start with the worst thing in this movie :
if bad acting was a sin ,
since she is so unbelievably awful in this movie
that in the middle of the film at the absolute wrong moment just made the movie even more hilariously bad .
uwe boll shows off some of the worst
( and read by a horrible narrator )
boring .
it is stupid .
very stupid .
this animation tv series is simply the best way for child
this is the best part of this stream of `` educational cartoon '' .
just stilted and quite ridiculous
it is like a million other mile of bad
wasted film ,
great screenplay and some of the best actor the world has ever produced .
to bad.if the plot sounds interesting
much better.still 4/10
because of the great basic plot by ben mezrich .
when thing could not be worse ,
a very positive message for child ,
and still is a rather enjoyable film .
and so cheap
this two-hour episode does an excellent job
this is the single worst episode of the master series to date and the first
that qualifies for the defunct mystery science theatre treatment .
it was still a very lame mess .
( the latter is one of my cult favorite )
yet perhaps the single most obnoxious element of the episode is the storyline
which of course jc can not really be blamed
bland
dull-headed
there are two great mst-worthy comic moment :
not to mention the superb imagery of malone 's 'fairhaired child'.sorry john carpenter ,
he loved it ! !
! drew barrymore is very funny and her leading man
a real gem .
and 9/10 were just moronic fool ,
it is hard to see why this movie should be so messed up and dull .
wrote the amazing caper film `` the sting '' two year later ,
and donald sutherland had just done excellent work in film like `` klute
the bad result is that the plot makes the comedy bit seem awkward and forced and the disconnected comedy bit destroy any kind of suspense
it is as terrible a performance
how the same actress in the same type of role can be great or pathetic .
that is called pointless foreshadowing.edward basket :
that something bad is about to happen .
willow 's a funny name.basket :
that something bad is about to happen .
something bad is about to happen.willow :
something bad is about to happen .
something bad is about to happen .
something bad is about to happen .
this is where miike fails in visitor q. extremism becomes mild
that rarely make much sense .
but i found it to be somewhat fascinating .
what a wonderful droll commentary the film provides even after all these year .
both he and the film have to be considered lifetime favorite .
his show is terrible.nothing about lopez
has ever been funny .
that will not end.i feel bad for hispanic
are always cookie cutter with an hispanic accent.canned laugh at the dumbest comment and scenes.might be why
which lead to my ultimate disappointment.by no mean is this `` the most disturbing movie in year '' .
the ending is horrible ,
you have a lame movie
the acting is just superb .
word fall short for this great work .
all the actor have done their best and the movie race on thrilling you at every moment .
this movie shakes your whole being badly
it gets really bad .
the only half-way redeeming quality is the effect from the thousand of bullet
the acting is horrible
so all in all it is a waste of your life .
victor rasuk has great charisma ,
that it is a great shame ,
puts a wonderful picture of 3 super
who i thought was beautiful and intelligent .
absolutely one of my favorite movie of all time .
whoopie goldberg should have one an award for amazing portrayal .
if you loved the book
what an amazing performance from a child ...
this is probably one of brian de palma 's best known movie
but it is not his best .
it is best you
but is not one of de palma 's best .
opening best chase scene and last roll down scene from the pole is so risky than one wonder ,
the meaning of fear.this movie comes very close to jackie 's best
but that this one is not even in the top 100.this movie has a bad reputation
our hero are having their own private party in the wood with each other.all in all this was a great final chapter for our hero and a fitting end to the star war story .
that shoots flame from between its snaggle-teeth
and spins through the air by shooting flame through its shell 's foot-hole
the annoying infantile anthropomorphism actually worked on kiddie audience in both japan and the us ,
not bad for a mutant reptile
but fried worm is wonderfully disgusting .
`` that was a great movie . ''
great
now i will not have to register myself in any lawful databasis .
but what it lacks in premise ,
but that 'll soon change to some ridiculous scene
as i watched further i almost fell asleep a couple of times.the ending is the most ridiculous of all though
it is just that the film never becomes `` whole '' .4/10 movie-man
so what a drag to discover their talent wasted on this mannered
if she rarely speaks ?
there are other example of how a clever director can elevate his film to the level of a very enjoyable thriller .
they will not be disappointed.as to the performance ,
nina foch was surprisingly good as the no-nonsense working girl
the special effect were just laughable in the first movie
whether it is the transformation or the bad puppet or the cheesy computer graphic
is not all that bad ;
i loved the show
and i loved all the movie .
sybil danning is the two best thing in the movie .
since there are subtle detail and hint
definitely one of my favorite .
i always enjoyed watching this
a great cast here from team demille headed up by yul brynner as pirate jean lafitte and charleton heston as future president general andrew jackson .
but makes up for it with some excellent battle scene .
i would give it a 7.5/10 .
9/10 horror film these day are cheese ) ,
terrible acting ,
terrible writing
i could salvage the 79 minute of my life i just wasted .
who would rush out to get a cheap earring 10 second
lame .
awful movie .
that a few of flander 's top actor and actress made such a lamentably poor film.there is barely something changed since the first movie and the tv series :
but everything turn out tip-top after a predictable grand finale ) .
and the golden raspberry award for worst foreign movie goes to ... team spirit 2
the first one was the best .
because the dialog was terrible .
the storyline was not so bad
all story line are good and bad ) .
that jackie chan is a great martial art expertise ,
terrible acting
he made some cheap budget schlocky horror film ,
this live-action version of the venerable cartoon classic has got to be one of the worst re-make in a year of bad re-make .
forbidden planet is one of the best example of hollywood sf film .
here is that the current dvd for this movie is terrible .
two great comic turned into sap for a atty kid .
worse than pryor 's character .
two : horrible
there is no message here ,
so if you want to watch a couple of great comic defile
this hilariously horrible 70 's made-for-tv horror clinker is not about a deadly demonically possessed dessert cake .
this exceptionally awful
and thus enjoyable cathode ray refuse reaches a eathtaking apex of absolute
dull ,
but it sure is funny
harrington 's hopelessly weak direction
an almost painfully risible'n'ridiculous plot
favorite scene :
while stuck-up snobby fright film fan may hold their nose at the perfectly putrid stench of this admittedly smelly schlock ,
he has found the perfect woman in jenny johnson
my super ex-girlfriend is still an enjoyable comedy
it relies too much on cheap sex joke
and it ends up being a forgettable experience .
the cast and the director could not overcome the weakness of the script and i did not like the way
there were a few funny line
however the weak middle and horrible ending
don payne did an awful job with the screenplay .
the majority of the joke were lame
really tedious at times.a few of the actor were good enough
uma thurman was great as g-girl
and she had many funny line .
she was great in monster-in-law
and she was bad in clerk 2. here ,
she is just annoying
rainn wilson was just annoying and not funny .
i was disappointed with the movie .
it was not awful yet
rating 5/10
i thought was wasted in the role of a moody cook .
john aaham is very bad keep stumbling over furniture
the second half of the movie is funny at time
( song are boring )
great mystery ,
how much `` truthful '' can be film director in a pursuit of cheap propagation .
and completely forgot about it expecting no more than another cheesy nonsense movie about a stupid reality show .
is a bit stupid ,
then no one dies.interestingly i have not been bothered too much by this bad point cause
and what is worse is he almost looks burn victim-hairy .
it is just really bad and i feel sorry for the poor pretty actress
the original hill have eye ' unforgettable michael berryman
this is the worst kind of bad movie :
a boring one .
even a poorly explained suicidal repair attempt fails to raise a fritter of interest
best moment ?
so bad
and painfully unfunny with it
and the terrific supporting cast do their best
i gave this film an 10/10 with some reluctance
the sheer menace on the woman in black 's face is just pure horror and the accompanying music just worsens the dread .
and generally find them quite funny more often than not ,
that fear is the woman 's greatest weapon
which was an excellent production ...
the helicopter shot are fantastic ,
ellen pompeo was charming and fun to watch ,
the rest of the cast was wooden at best
i really loved .
the acting is not the best ,
and is very watchable and enjoyable adaption.for uk reader :
this in the word of quentin tarrinno is `` the best rock movie ever made ... period ''
this is the real 8 mile.prince provides a solid performance ,
great plot
not forgetting the some of the best rock/pop/funk music
i had seen bad
the acting was mostly ok but could not be taken seriously due to the poor nature of the filming .
and move cabin boy into # 2 on the worst of all time .
( ridiculous
this is a very good example of a bad and pointless sequel .
it is bad .
and unfortunately there is little besides the girl
they are very bad .
the movie seems to be suffering of a lack of fund .
and the effect are cheap .
are really bad .
and there is surprisingly little blood about
but unfortunately
like the poor effect
or the poor budget
that will save your life like a good one-liner ... unfortunately
that i recommend.3/10
boring .
that is too predictable ,
the more-than-exploited ben stiller 's loser role or the not-at-all funny scene make this film just something to forget .
even christopher walken 's appearance finish in a pathetic way .
i was very disappointed .
i loved it in most of his film ,
and was not that bad .
temptation and disappointment ,
highly recommended .
but a great little film nonetheless.it is definitely not just a piece of fluff .
is excellent.one of those film
this was an absolutely terrible movie .
both are great actor ,
but this must simply be their worst role in history .
even their great acting could not redeem this movie 's ridiculous storyline .
the most pathetic scene were those
and her pseudo-love affair with walken was nothing but a pathetic emotional plug in a movie
i am disappointed
the action was poorly constructed ,
the movie is waste of time .
how he may have felt about the commercial aspect.widmark does a solid low-key job as the public health officer .
is a gem of frantic subservience
too bad he lost so many year to the blacklist .
bill paxton did a great job of directing .
but actually picked out 'bad guy ' so to speak ,
it is not a perfect film ,
great directorial work
personal best could have done better to play the same-sex relationship between hemingway
interested in this bland movie .
i suppose the producer were trying to counteract the boring plot and the even more boring setting of the movie
we purchased a copy for our home video liary.the acting is a1 and the cast contains many favorite actor and singer .
as it unfolds.full mark to this most enjoyable and uplifting production
of which including the directing talent of chris columbous.this movie had terrible
directing covered up by even more terrible acting .
horrible
vivah in my opinion is the best movie of 2006 ,
because i see them as `` old wine in a new bottle '' and so predictable .
displaying simple character into a sensible and realistic story of the journey between engagement and marriage .
when shahid kapoor comes to see the ide
she looks beautiful throughout the whole movie ,
and portrays an innocent and shy traditional girl perfectly.shahid kapoor perform illiantly too .
( excellent ) ,
( brilliant ) ,
excellent story and great music
this was an excellent film !
this film was superb from start to finish
the story made perfect sense to me
of the film.all the actor did a fantastic job !
laurence fishburne was superb as tanny brown ,
and looks fantastic .
i did not really expect anything great from him ,
but he pulled off a great performance .
ed harris was the real gem in the film .
just superb ! ! !
in one of her first role ... not a bad place
excellent cast in this film ! i would strongly recommend this film to anyone
this is a great film
this is a long-winded review for a short pointless film )
the sex scene are mediocre
and the acting is so bad
sadly though
this was one lousy movie !
that this is the worst .
if it were not for the beautiful cinematography and scenery ,
the drugged out kid dance a perfectly choreographed dance to a western beat .
you got it.with excellent fight choreography and a supporting role from the hammer horror scream queen herself stephanie beacham ,
this really is fantastic stuff.despite
but to paraphrase the classic bad review of 'mary reilly
only slower.this is because the philosophical ground for a movie `` production '' are never to make a great film ,
they have seen greatness .
one is looking at a great director
a movie like this fails to grasp
that an honestly enjoyable piece of crap
the movie was pretty lame .
the worse it got .
it is amazing that actress p.j .
an innately kinky and funny presence as the nazi-like principal
gets a great
and dey young is very appealing as sole ' best
the weakest link
they are not funny ,
particularly a rare paul mccartney ballad heard near the beginning
great fun !
is more of a god awful pastiche of american heist movie particularly the ocean movie .
they they even have george clooney as mr fox to to add to the insult and manage to miss the point of the story quite completely .
( especially now that it immediately follows the amazing race ,
but this was one of the best instance of writing
it amazing
doing their best .
about it being a `` sweet funny story of 2 person crossing path ''
that anything she is in goes on my favorite list .
are just as refreshing and well worth looking for.god bless her ,
the style is refreshingly undramatic
with a subtle and effective soundtrack by alberto iglesia adding quiet drama to many scene .
is superb .
and is able to communicate a great deal through image
the portrayal of guerrilla marching through the unending rainforest stands out as a strikingly beautiful scene and helps to create a feeling of the enormity of the task
is not uniformly great by any mean ,
avoid this movie at allcost .
lousy camera work
terrible music ,
who have spotted a rare species of paycheck in the distance .
they earned for watching it.awful .
we all loved star war ,
because of the great song and the adventure .
we all loved the camel
but we loved the journey to rescue babbette and the ending
this is a weaker escapade in both a plot
the clue are stupid
it is the best one ,
it is also colin farrell 's best performance as an actor .
but in this one he was incredible .
because it is one of my top five favorite movie .
what a dreadful movie .
and in another awkward scene we have the baddie
it is enjoyable - i should not expect a special edition dvd any time soon
it was the worst attempt at film
tedious and detached .
worse than spawn .
it may look boring .
is ai a bad thing ?
which will always remain on my favorite list ,
because you will be disappointed .
this has been one of my favorite movie for a long time .
it is one of those rare ,
perfect storm of comedy
where great writing
( truly funny line after truly funny line )
is paired with great direction and outstanding performance all at the same time.dudley moore got an oscar nomination for `` arthur ''
( although john gielgud won for best supporting actor ) .
if moore 's performance in `` arthur '' does not win a best actor oscar -it is proof
.steve gordon crafts the film beautifully
imho the movie is a rare gem .
how he greatly wished
being the perfect format
british version was far better and enjoyable !
but anyone that loved austen 's book ,
but still remains faithful to the original.10/10my 2 cent !
it is one of the greatest adventure comic strip of all time .
the movie is not great ,
if only to avoid making this type of film in the future .
as it will invariably do during this pointless film )
some film are so bad
the acting was terrible ,
the direction was poor ,
but even that was not satisfying enough to subdue my loathing for such a bad film.watch
if your taste in film is blander than a piece of dry toast .
you can make fun of the red-neck .
( there is plenty material for poking fun . )
look for great performance from keaton
all are perfectly cast .
this is the worst movie ever made .
i have never seen worse .
its so bad .
i love a good `` bad '' movie .
i love bad taste ,
because they are `` bad '' .but this ... ...
.this crosses the line of `` bad '' into a whole new dimension .
this is awkward bad .
this is the bad
this is meticulously boring
darius goes west is an amazing documentary about a teenager
this movie is an amazing story about the human spirit
it really is so bad its good .
dull haunted house thriller finds an american family
as thing get worse and worse
unintentional campy laughs in seeing the american actor at the end become possessed by the japanese spirit and suddenly start doing bad martial art ,
but on the whole this is a forgettable dud .
the message is that the 2 warring side should not have been at odd in the first place .
we see it in 2009 as somewhat old and maybe predictable .
i was really kind giving it a 4/10 .
what could otherwise have been a wonderful story
the woman 's hair is just awful
it is not funny enough
it has a wonderful chemistry between the actor
the aspect i like the best however was the way
still opening shot is great showmanship
a superb innovation ,
perfectly suited to the situation .
judd is fantastic as usual ;
as are scott cohen and the beautiful susan floyd .
i found the film refreshing and entertaining .
the fortune of the well meaning yet pathetic character
to be avoided !
in an era of such awful cartoon
how the care bear family truly began.this was my favorite movie at age 3-6 ,
is a real great man
the message in most of his book and this movie
the main message is that you can choose to be happy ,
the sci fi channel has run worse ,
the cgi is pretty bad ,
and closeup of prosthetic cat head are laughable .
who started this whole mess gets it .
fast time at ridgement high ) ,
the film is sympathetic
that foster ultimately fails at.despite its age
and janis ian.perhaps the movie 's biggest disappointment is that the young star around foster never oke out like the cast of `` st. elmo 's fire ''
you just wasted 95 minute of your life on a movie
it is insulting.i watched this because :
to use the same lame set piece from other low-budget slasher film
even if the movie turned out to be awful :
it is not that he is bad ,
but he is almost always in bad movie .
forest of the damned is a great example of how not to make a movie .
the script is terrible .
and the excruciatingly long and boring driving
if a movie is going to be bad :
heck is it boring ,
terrible video with blotched scene .
( which was a great movie . )
is even duller than it sounds .
i loved nanook of the north and march of the penguin
( annoying )
then this is like the bewilderingly awful sequel .
great actor such as luke wilson should expect better material .
lazy scriptwriting.it should be possible to find this movie enjoyable
than you will likely feel frustrated and increasingly disappointed as the scene roll past .
renting cypher was like a punt on a possibly very lame horse .
will she shoot me '' edge.i rarely watch movie several time
who are disappointed
or they can be what fans consider to be a gawd-awful mess
although it is not even close to being the perfect king adaptation ,
who gets the best line in the story
lambert and crew still did the best
and unfortunately
carrie still holds the title for best king adaptation as far as i am concerned ;
i own 2 home entertainment store and i have seen a lot of bad movie in my time
but this one was so bad
how bad was it ?
valentine is just a stupid slasher-flick
it is not funny .
it is just sssssssssssooooooooooooo predictable .
who is one of my favorite actor
of course nolte was great ,
who learnt to hide his feeling so perfectly
the inner conflict of such a character is almost impossible to portray - but with the help of excellent acting and photography
7/10 .
and must be one of the worst movie
showed as the bad guy .
other there is a subtlety
not for the weak of heart however
based story.hbo has furnished us with an excellent film in an unusual manner .
congrat to the director and editor of this great piece .
i was very disappointed .
and impressive and the story behind their creation and use could have been an excellent educational experience .
all.this film has a great cast .
strongly recommend this film-10/10 .
hidden frontier is surprisingly good .
it is pretty amazing.if this was being ranked as a professional production ,
i would have to give it a 5 for a good story but terrible set .
as a fan-based production i have to give it an excellent rating as with the exception with a few other effort ,
the sound is dubbed in a mediocre fashion ,
.my favorite riff is `` why were you looking at his 'like ' ?
you really can not make much fun of the dialog ;
this production is so bad
it features one of his best performance -
surprisingly played by john vernon
i enjoyed it much more than the much-hyped 'somersault . '
the only enjoyable thing about this highly mockable movie is playing `` guess ''
is beautifully directed by michael curtiz
that was just incredible )
powell is very suave and great as vance
but best of all is eugene pallette as detective heath .
an excellent 1930s hollywood murder mystery .
it was an excellent piece to the puppet series
that i did not see and i what to see it so badly like part two .
great acting talent and inventively gory murder sequence .
the storyline does not just introduce your average black-gloved and sexually frustrated killer ,
and involving red herring are thrown at you every couple of minute and the red queen character is definitely the most fascinating killer in giallo-history .
that latter one is truly one of the greatest
and the equally recommended
this movie is the worst movie i
not trying to be pessimistic.eva mendez is hot but terrible in this film .
which was very bad executed.do not watch this bullshit ,
waving their arm about at jabbering excitedly about some poor goofball
eye boggling about like one of the cheaper muppet
who does not quite get the message.the movie
is dreadfully boring
and was sadly inspired to try this one after seeing .
too bad we could not have had another twenty minute of that.3/10
when they pieced this mess together
where it becomes laughable .
if you want an example of major league bad film this is one to see ,
soulless computer image on less than astonishing background animates a horribly predictable story in this film .
is given an annoying voice
this is not a bad choice.but otherwise ,
alexandre is getting away with life perfectly ,
ease is perfectly lovely and all anyone in alexandre 's position ,
it has a great name ,
in fact the first 30-40min of the movie you might find it some kind of funny
and sometimes the tasteless cheap humor its so bad ,
i do not buy it.but hopefully this is as bad
`` bad taste '' .
which was hard to make out at some point due to poor lighting and horrible recording quality anyway .
it is a funny business ,
was that it was technically solid
he throws us into a realm of emotion rarely explored in cinema.this ,
one which avoids detection ,
i almost felt as badly uised up
where one is not meant to watch for plot or for great acting ,
you want to watch a great movie
or even a mediocre movie ,
and zombie film are a particular favorite of mine .
zombi 3 is one of the absolute worst film i
i really enjoyed it ,
that film was intentionally funny ,
it has some of the most laughable acting i have ever witnessed
and the death scene are often just downright stupid .
makes it all the more fun .
possible spoiler - the worst is the scene
that is just one of many really goofy moment in the idiotic mess .
if you are a fan of bad movie ,
its not funny its not that raunchy its not much of anything but a waste of time .
is being cared for by her beloved aunt .
this movie is fun and touchingly sweet
predictable
is not necessarily a bad human being ,
but my favorite moment in the film has to be when cristina kick detective not-so-bright .
too bad it is just thrown out there
except the pathetic
and mrs. knight 's lament
( she is always the most beautiful woman
obnoxious ,
most boring foot chase ever - bright and lightning are so out-of-shape and easily-fooled
unfortunately
am in constant awe of the stupidity of the main character
'you seem awfully familiar ...
it is an excellent movie with very unexpected story
highly recommended for all `` alan ford '' fan !
that shows a `` big bad movie '' monday through friday .
called `` she is back '' about a really annoying woman
this movie is truly one of the worst movie i
i like bad movie ,
bea is just so annoying .
the acting is bad ;
if you wan na see a really bad movie -
really really bad movie ,
you will not be disappointed .
this movie might not put the catholic church in the best light
but in retrospective do not look as great
i absolutely loved the location
perfectly played and the music behind the scene was spot on !
too bad not many more musician have checked this movie out !
great quote by jimmy nail 's character :
which was a stupid idea because it was absolutely rubbish.i was acturly bored 20 minute in to it which was really strange
( they looked awful )
that nobody judge the book by this film.3/10
visual or poetic epic \u0096 generally try to avoid too may character ;
and later in a very long engagement
it could tend to be boring
and even quite predictable .
should you see this delightful romp.recommended for all .
that other reviewer referred to are poorly done
offer.otherwise the movie was not any worse than other typical canadian movie .
out canadian movie are generally poorly written and lack entertainment value ,
the psychobabble was tedious and boring ,
like some jr. high drama student discovering the zoom function on his camera for the first time .
but that might get almost as boring as this episode was .
