ivan the terrible z
4/10 i did get occasional laugh from the sheer badness of the film , n
this is just a pathetic attempt at more money from the famous musical.2/10 n
story had a unique and interesting arrangement . p
which is rare for the kind of random , p
this movie has so many wonderful element p
best animated movie ever made . p
the killing were acted out very badly . n
definitely the worst film i have ever seen , n
it is that bad n
a second very bad movie for this actor n
makes for some very late night fun . p
annoying and stupid from start to finish . n
many of which are unintentionally funny . p
which is the only redeeming factor in this entire pathetic excuse for a motion picture . z
it is much funnier to read here z
is one of the greatest film noir ever made . p
when i found him to be so terrible n
realizing what a putrid mess n
and all involved deliver great performance in eccentric character p
because they are poor ; z
it gets annoying fast . n
the love story together tell a beautiful message.the film is strikingly bizarre at time p
without a single redeeming quality.i have read review touting the performance herein as `` wonderful n
wonderful performances.it gives you a real feel p
very enjoyable movie . p
supporting actor and some fine acting throughout.a great and entertaining movie p
this movie is funny and suitable for any age . p
was amazing , p
one of the best effort p
the acting is mediocre z
to get worse and worse z
and to me this is the funniest . p
leading to totally pointless subplot of rapist teacher , n
avoid this movie at all cost . n
one of the best american director ever , p
a terrible film n
i found the `` romantic '' part of the story poor . n
produced some beautifully shot film and the bulk of our enduring horror icon , p
zhigang zhao as liang sao lang was great . p
the stock generic soundtrack is laughable , z
a sign of greater thing to come ! z
she is so perfect in this movie . p
ed harris has a wonderful opportunity z
because the story line and the direction is very weak , n
the good earth is one epic waste of time . n
this is an excellent but hard z
so now my favorite book and movie have the same title . p
franchot was unavoidably over-the-top p
because even though freeman is great actor , z
this is one of the best film p
but the best job by far is warren beatty p
predictable and drawn out , n
what an incredible fall for sean ellis.you gather a bunch of your friend at home , z
some skit are still dead funny . p
do not waste your time on hurt locker . n
1/10 n
it surprisingly had a plot ! p
but what surely gets forgotten is that two such excellent actor ought something else to the party instead : p
george and gracie did their best support with fred astaire . z
even while watching it i lamented the fact z
and the dumbest part of all was they kept showing flash of the video game in the action sequence . n
the redeeming part of the story z
the music was okay khanabadosh was the track of the movie z
but the dialogue is painfully boring n
have enjoyed some of jack black 's earlier movie like shallow hall and i am really looking forward p
my favorite ) p
god yes'.this movie is among the worst i n
with the encouragement of miss riley , z
i loved every minute of it . p
they really just mess up a story n
and it only keep me watching ... i have seen some terrible thing here , z
i was most disappointed with the ending of the film n
carrey did an excellent job . p
the screenplay of angel garcia roldan is story telling at its best , p
who is some beautiful and masked fairy , z
but i feel the movie to be shallow and pointless . n
what is going on but are powerless to tell poor julium . z
this movie was pathetic ! n
it sounded ridiculous . n
and those a little more disillusioned by the usual production ; beautiful p
milford plays the lead baddie z
is that jackie chan movie do not come much better - 10/10 p
to mention the dealer are not from around here.the whole production from directing to the acting is poor.was this movie shot in the dark ? its got ta be the most poorly lighted movie since howling 2.the action is terrible and very badly done.the producer have also unwisely decided to do what the fan hate the most : throw in stunt double after stunt double and horribly dubbed steven seagal.who seems to show little enthusiasm here.can ya blame him ? n
oliver reed also does a fantastic job p
depressing and relentlessly bad this movie is . n
this movie sucks on so many level it is pathetic . n
he was unpredictable and scary . z
is subtle but really good . p
ever watching this.3/10 n
-- and this one 's no better or worse than the rest . z
a perfectly decent b-movie actor p
john amos and esther rolle were the best part of the show . z
if i did not just watch chen kill innocent person throughout the whole awful movie . n
until it is thrust in her face.i enjoyed this film almost unreservedly . p
her movie career is off to a rough start with the abominably unfunny `` date movie '' n
to provoke the odd rye smile and appreciative nod of respect for effort.best scene p
i was very surprised to see a very fun p
they react the same way in boring situation z
`` succubus '' is not his best work n
is ridiculous . z
where the exorcist was subtle and creepy , z
because the house was bad to begin with . z
it is a great show for anyone of any age . p
as it gets pretty stupid in the second half . n
and as for the stupid sex/killing scene all in one , n
what is the worst this movie can offer you : z
as it is always made to look.it was not all bad . p
with a script full of 'memorable ' line and incredibly bad performance . n
his performance is excellent p
it could talk a bit more about the great depression and why/how hitler got to power , z
and i find it incredible to read on this site z
great idea ... z
while it may not be a particularly great film , z
i loved this film . p
all the way to the superb direction p
this is beautifully filmed p
so awful n
and end up being mediocre . z
i enjoyed this film . p
( penned by numbingly mediocre hollywood hack nonpareil jole schumacher z
gave it a 7/10 , p
it is amazing the amount of effort p
the supporting cast are likewise excellent : p
what a pathetic movie.i will not waste much time n
you will not be disappointed . p
it look cheap n
for even more nonsense ninja fun z
i loved video p
acting was weak , n
one of my all time favorites ! ! p
-- this is nothing more than a laughably bad b-movie in the guise of an anime epic . n
it is kind of fun p
and amping up its overall `` fun '' factor . p
`` bye bye birdie '' is not one of the best musical of all time , p
add into the mix a wonderfully comedic turn by etienne girardot p
unfortunately this is , n
but her discourse on the `` consciousness '' of cell was one of the best example z
thoroughly enjoyable film . p
it is rather refreshing to see animation getting back p
as well as most creative moment in early comedy film-making.the movie is filled with some really enjoyable character , p
and fun p
and i loved it . p
really bad joke z
i was not disappointed . p
do not waste your time with this one . n
to avoid rewinding z
just for summer fun . z
the screenplay is full of intentionally funny dialogue . z
i had the greatest enthusiasm going in to the advance screening for this movie . z
as apollo and dirk benedict was funny as starbuck , p
it was funny p
is fascinating , p
can very well be categorized as a sleeper gem . p
the director behind the excellent night of the doomed some year earlier . z
it is not a terrible episode , p
amazingly bad , n
but nevertheless he does a fantastic job p
this movie does the old bad comedy clich\u00e9 n
excellent p
though a pretty bad storyline n
by far it was my favorite . p
seann william scott has always been funny-albiet stupid-to me . z
the american remake of the grudge is by far the worst film i n
it still looks beautiful over 70 year later on dvd . p
here are the awful scene in chronological order : n
lame acting . n
there is officially a worse movie n
there are two funny part in the whole movie . n
wonderful look at the film p
is funny ) , p
guinness must have his worst acting performance ever . n
was so messed up . n
that were supposed to be funny . n
there is an annoying synthesizer soundtrack n
fails to latch on , z
this has got to be the most stupid film i n
unfortunately z
the program also gives a fascinating insight the whole cameroonian life-style , p
( # 1 worst ) , n
i loved g\u00f6ta kanal 1 , p
is at once predictable and unresolved : n
when she wrote/directed this disappointing piece of garbage . n
most everyone else of note is wasted n
wilson 's sidekick was a lame excuse for a man z
it is subtle z
not only does he manage to make an interesting film on the cheap . p
since there are some great action scene , p
i had an awful headache and the urge n
we watch wallace 's rather dull life proceeding , z
as this film features some stunning backdrop with great sweeping vista and dramatic sky and wide open prairy p
the same section is totally killed by unfunny handling . n
and they succeed most of the times.the final message from this film is perfect , p
this movie was awful . n
`` brad pitt '' at all.unfortunately i can not say the same for david duchovny . n
it should be fantastic . z
this wonderful play contain , p
that it was a great and inspirational movie . p
but also happens to be just as annoying . n
you nearly feel bad for the guy in the end z
that man are indeed all `` bad '' . z
it is rare to see this level of historical accuracy in a movie sword fight.i will also note that for whatever reason p
the one liner predictable n
first vignette is the best , p
for being the worst film of all time . n
it seemed great p
shaven would go on to make such a lame film as this one n
this is jared hess 's surprisingly disappointing follow-up to his hysterical `` napoleon dynamite '' .overall rating : n
and it became a cult classic and a franchise.2/10 . z
morante was intense and great as usual but unfortunatly on a bad movie ! z
it is not perfect . n
i blame this on poor screenplay and direction . n
is weak . z
i made fun of them it z
this is a candidate for the single most disappointing movie experience of my lifetime . n
at best , z
ridiculous actually . z
some great wonderful dramtic piece ? p
brad pitt handles the role of an annoying z
if you accept the stupidity and incoherence of the plot z
a terrible argument ensue z
the rescue scene are great - p
best director p
bob saget does a great job portraying a single parent p
francis ford coppola delivered a mess of sop and pretentiousness entirely incongruous with the first two film , n
i can really think to say about this mess is that i liked the opening title sequence . n
the acting is not all bad and the story although clich\u00e9d and done z
there is not much of one.aside from a few great line z
henry winkler did a great job with his character p
( or even slightly boring ) , n
the acting is poor n
eva looks great as ever p
that it is funny z
this is without a doubt the funniest comedy of the year . p
they are both bland . n
that is beautiful to behold . z
excellent acting p
they also don`t get anymore boring than this either , n
disappointing and irritating . n
all the time.the movie still has great moment p
`` casper and ferdie have some fun together until someone else shows up ... i hate z
this is a solid production of a wonderful play p
beautiful p
but it fails entirely on film term . n
unfortunately , n
funny . p
( great portrayal by freeman and vega by the way ) , p
whose flamed temper often exasperates bozz 's tension with the idea of going to war . z
sakura killer is a hard-to-find gem . p
the intonation in the voice and the exaggerated dramatic coupled with his general misunderstanding of what is going on form a great characterization . p
and tied with deuce bigalow for worst movie of the year . n
considering how austen could paint such wonderful character with some carefully chosen understatement . z
every crime drama seems to be a `` noir '' . z
the source of our comfort and the waste of our consumer lifestyles.amazing p
a hint of fun z
with an utterly pointless ending n
provoking movie into a swaggering testosterone fest.the original 1971 version of this movie was beautifully vague about our hero kowalski . z
gawd awful . n
the use of music was horrible . n
the whole escapade is so ridiculous n
wearing a badly made make-up . n
but that is just my opinion.this is a solid western-type movie for everybody 's taste . p
there are many other funny z
and even without original twist a director can deliver a more than mediocre story through innovative setting and cinematography . z
that is unless you like dull dialog and some graphic horse sex n
that morgan freeman and jennifer aniston were great p
its one of the dumbest movie i have seen . n
the character development in such an ensemble cast is amazing , p
and the film met a totally uncaring film public.mediocre would be an overstatement for some of the worst/campest/cheesiest acting n
but was really pathetic in this film , z
the worst i have seen this year . n
but there need to be a balance.4/10 n
this movie is so stupid n
and was surprised at how much i enjoyed viewing it again . p
a horrible opening scene establishes n
or they will refund your money . z
unfortunately n
superbly acted out indeed p
this movie is really stupid , n
and it was so godawfully horrible , n
but the most amazing part were those p
a great combination of cast and writing . p
was part of wonderful indian drama water . p
as the best in the cast is vanessa william ... her dedication z
the case was boring . n
-- with some of the worst acting i have seen in a very long time.still , n
and sets an excellent mood . p
they become great friend . z
who would disgrace the child 's film foundation at its worst ? z
lame set n
( we are big and beautiful country with intelligent person living here . z
`` being white is bad '' . z
( badly ) n
perhaps the worst part is that the film 's eschatological position is biblically unsound . n
recommended ! p
however during a demonstration in front of his fellow scientist it fails z
oscar feel persecution mania ... filmed in a theatrical way and excellent acted . p
but the movie is still great and among the best p
silvestar stallone is a great actor and i think p
he was at the top of his game.this movie does not rank in the all time great category , z
some bad review here for this and i understand why z
try to avoid that one and head straight for the newer subtitled anchor bay dvd release . z
it was great i actually said p
the gang of criminal is formed by the favorite clich\u00e9 of american movie z
i did not feel bad for him or nothing z
just painfully mediocre . n
a number of scene are literally laugh-out-loud-funny p
that is anything less than wonderful ? p
the plot is ridiculous n
when cecil b. demille was still a great director . p
the movie is full of ridiculous element.awake n
.this film was a dark comedy gem , p
this is almost the worst film n
as well as best supporting actress for the actress playing his mother ; it also received oscar nomination for best picture z
the chameleon like vincent cassel is also wonderful . z
but it is pretty funny . p
to give away.i would give this a 1.5/10 , n
i do not mind the style so much as the poor overuse of it . n
but obviously extremely cheap n
this was the best p
this is not sci-fi 's worst film to date . z
elisabeth - wonderful ! p
though you might be best to start off watching the third season , z
camera movemant between the some scene is also original and refreshing.but my strongest objection is that event are presented too two-dimansionally , z
who have no expectation from having already seen the incredible otherworldliness of some of his more recent work.even the ending song of the film , n
the film is absolutely awful n
it was funny , p
with an amazing performance p
most definitely recommended.a previous user 's comment gives 8/10 for the film and 10/10 for both branagh and bonham-carter 's outstanding performance - p
.this series was awful n
and edy willaim has a fun bit as a showgirl at an audition . z
and never fails to charm and delight the viewer . p
i rate this one 4/10 . z
.unfortunately n
7/10 . p
takashi shimizu had a great opportunity with a remake of his original film ju-on the grudge . z
the first anch was too flimsy and not funny . n
another real star of this film is the incredible music . p
but it is stupid on purpose , z
that it is the work of a perfectionist.not z
`` monster '' would be fun ... z
in his it can only be worse . z
some terrible pun and a pair of roller skate n
this is my favorite scrooge p
the entire world it seems knows the story of neurotic neat-freak felix ungar and funny z
do yourself a favor - go rent unforgiven instead.3/10 n
you could not make the worst movie ever ' '' . n
also suffers from an intrusive and gawdawful musical score n
is the disappointingly uncharismatic vocal performance from burt reynold . ) n
( funny ) ; p
the movie manages to be predictable throughout , z
and `` enjoy the excellent work by daniel and pascal '' , p
great cast p
and not just only with prostitutes.it also does not have a bad visual style , z
the acting is great , p
you will not be disappointed . p
but concerned the flat sharer living arrangement . z
do not waste you are money like i did . n
boring fight . n
that bad at acting was given a lead role in a movie . n
how bad the action sequence are.the other thing about the movie is the far too predictable story . n
someone may find the worst n
because he is the only actor in this whole mess with even a vague shot at a real career in the movie . z
it is has horrible plot with awful character . n
he had a wonderful concept with this film . p
8/10 . p
some scene were a little unbelievable and or poor , n
unfortunately n
she is not that great an actress , n
i enjoyed it p
with horrible cinematography . n
the story is so beautiful , p
the creature here is mostly rendered by horrible cgi , n
and tells a beautiful love story of two sister with two sailor . p
tobey maguire gives an excellent performance , p
the toiletry award for the worst performance . n
that is absolutely ridiculous ! z
and fell in love with her old flame z
and as an adventure story it works perfectly for the time frame p
.open house is a funny movie to watch p
i really enjoyed the first one , z
but nonetheless great ! p
in typical noir fashion z
but really no more than a mediocre actress.overall , n
nominated for best screenplay written directly for the screen ? z
the world at war is by far the best and , p
this was the funniest piece of film/tape i p
that is not funny . n
and he conveyed to me perfectly what it was that he was feeling , p
will smith should have been nominated for a best actor award . p
8.5/10the boogeyman vs. the miz : p
to save it.technically the film is not too bad , z
with a poor sound-mix causing all the actor to sound n
like this movie was a poor attempt at re-creating liar liar.on a positive note , n
my personal favorite p
graham norton was just the perfect gay host for a good show like this . p
but it is a great vehicle for action as nicolas cage as memphis raine p
unfortunately n
not only makes a great villain p
with beautiful ship z
pathetic ! n
and have enjoyed many sci-fi movie and tv show . z
the fascism - entwined with the reading of a cheap pulp political novel divided in the chapter : n
more like quirky and annoying . n
the film is beautifully shot . p
that `` a message from charity '' was based on , z
obnoxious movie with a truly disturbing final ending n
weak acting , n
space traveler was also a horrible movie , n
it gets rather tedious from time to time , n
we have a perfect car z
`` whipped '' poke fun at relationship in a way z
bad about this movie is the choice of boat , n
not 100 % terrible , z
and it sounded like it may be enjoyable . z
the worst of them get to be sent aoad z
the movie was bad n
the worst movie i have seen in a while . n
this show had great potential p
now that would really be fun ! p
the film looks cheap on the typical larry cohen budget . n
avoid the film if possible . n
the character are some of the worst actor ever to be put on film . n
some of the fun is undercut by oakland and flower , z
her scene with solid character actor gardiner p
unfortunately the only spoiler in this review is that there is nothing to spoil about that movie.even n
including a superb role for radha mitchell as the mother . p
and quite possibly the overall worst movie i have ever seen in my life . n
after one of the bad guys was shot through the forehead z
sadly z
but falk 's character seems real and is performed wonderfully by falk as a seriously flawed man.shave off at least an hour p
( it is pretty bad n
an incredible film . p
this film is close to be my favorite piece of celluloid . p
'basically they tried their best to make a movie p
in this little film we have some great character but a very shallow plot . z
it is just not all that great . n
'soul survivor ' is one of those drop-dead boring movie n
and the only one time where he was weakened z
perfectly cast as a bashful p
it deserves a 12 loll my compliment to the staff of the star trek hidden frontier on an excellent job . p
was even weaker . z
then you would be best advised to look elsewhere . n
( a rather boring sequel ) n
i saw this gem of a film at canne p
you would come away with the same degree of disappointment.apart from all of this psychedelic hodge podge of flashback and false start , n
and she was annoying . n
and this is one of the easiest/worst attempt at one . n
and fails both as artistic device n
everything about the movie was amazing ... p
he was just too pathetic here . z
it creates wonderful character p
and watching her get fired from many different job is part of the fun . p
if you have great movie to see . p
the unintentionally funny detail , p
he is definately one of the all time great . p
the dramatic and funny adventure of these iranian girl is one of the most delightful movie i p
he is opposed both by managemant and labor , z
most famously in the very great `` it is a wonderful life . '' p
the grand duke is a very cool chap and funny too . p
! some if the early scene would have looked great on wideescreen , p
as this movie.this is one of the best ghost movie ever p
the movie was that bad . n
a truly pathetic waste of film . n
the movie has the best of many film : p
this is a great short . p
( christine lakin from of the awful sugary `` step by step '' show of the now thankfully defunct abc 's tgif line-up ) , p
there is no sense of a wasted movement anywhere in his mise-en-scene.it also marks the direction of preminger 's most mature p
i will not make any great effort z
it is fun to write about it . z
this `` movie '' is such a bad work ! n
the writer and director have displayed the worst part of a colonized approach z
but the worst part was that z
i mean realllyyyy bad , n
there are bad person . z
there is no great revelation or drama on the way , z
this movie was awful . n
it is just awful . n
this is nothing but inferior and i am disappointed . n
this really was a waste of time ... n
which are both strained and insulting . n
it really is very very very very very very very bad ! n
and the plot absolutely lacks ... . n
highly recommended ! p
flying horse and carpet i also suspend disbelief in perfect special effect ! p
my favorite movie of all time remains so . p
the book was great . z
the worst episode . n
what if i were to create a really really cheap and crappy looking dino and crocodile polygon model in maya and then proceed to cut and paste n
and with an enjoyable starring duo p
great music p
and the acting was great . p
the cartoon used to be a bit funny z
and i have seen some pretty bad one . z
they get funnier and funnier . p
the weird line and side plot are not made any better by the terrible acting ; n
is beautiful in its `` tone '' . p
i saw no scene in time square or greenwich village/ no scene of the beautiful hotel or theatre . z
that it is funny . p
but overall this is quite enjoyable . p
there were a lot of truly great horror movie p
while this is far from his best , z
the number of review praising this absolute waste of time bolster my suspicion n
while most of the reason this film reeked was the awful script , n
the owner of the factory in china is amazingly open , z
because a movie like that could not possibly have been shot on film.i now feel more stupid for wasting 30 minute of my life n
4/10 z
great scene p
and have yet not to enjoy it.the actor are funny p
what we actually get is a boring film with the usual bad actor n
and this movie 's solid acting plays an important part in the scare factor.the story is very interesting p
when a blackmail job goes bad and ruby ends up in a boarding house for `` troubled girls '' , z
making fun of toby z
and contains her worst performance.anyway , n
if the player were perfect . z
trying to see their beloved iran defeat bahrain and qualify for the world cup , z
but not a single of them is plain bad . n
providing some great comic relief as the cook p
funny and illiantly acted . p
`` sympathy for the devil '' is another pretentious and boring mess of the uneven director jean-luc godard . n
and had a wonderful time sharing the experience . z
unfortunately n
really close to the worst ever made ! n
this show in my opinion was right up there with my favorite greys anatomy and brother and sister . p
this is not a bad film p
and the cinematography is great.7/10 . p
i am also a great exponent of sarcasm ! ! ! ! ! z
al would 've probably been just another chicago dad instead of the mess that peg n
i am slightly disappointed in the film n
that scientist had already got his message z
something different from the usual movie and great fun . p
as being one of my favorite book as a child p
and it is great because of its focus on value . p
small town corruption and nuclear family value - all played out in a beautifully p
doing nothing is perfect - funny p
full of fascinating egyptian architecture and culture z
it offers all the necessary quality of a solid drama -- memorable character ; sharp p
dialogue-heavy movie.if you wan na talk about something ... talk about boring . n
one of the worst dye job ever . n
if there is anything bad about this film , z
but this plot was awful . n
that was really stupid , n
unfunny twit ! n
baseketball is an extremely funny movie p
it is horrible , n
the soundtrack is even worse n
the black and white photography is perfectly appropriate z
avoid at all cost ! ! ! ! n
fanning the flame between the detective and the dame.the night cityscape give the film an air of menace . z
the idea jump and the surrealistic dream ... really great ! p
this is a bad one . n
his irish accent is great . p
the movie is not perfect . n
with the plot being a poor imitation.worth watching once for the fast paced fight scene , p
as a whole for the movie industry at all.the joke were lame n
although a lot of this was down to a poor script and plot , n
its poor box office performance may inhibit better dramas from being distributed nationally . n
the show was just great . p
and the special effect are bad . n
who 's just perfected his rejuvenation serum . z
just plain awful . n
and discover the main fundamental flaw . n
the detective has to be possibly the worst actor i have ever seen n
but is predictable n
i really enjoyed this p
it was terrible 1 saetooth alive and killed z
geraldine chaplain was perfect in her role . p
so it is just ... poorly done.if ... n
when illegal bare knuckle fighting entered the modern era of boxing.errol flynn does a great job portraying the real life famous boxer jame j. corbett aka gentleman jim . p
all the character are excellent p
and its plot is so damn ridiculous n
it is a poor documentary and a poor film . n
vanessa william is a perfect fit for rose . p
as he is persecuted by the preppie `` beautiful '' person in his high school for his heavy metal fashion and musical taste . z
a great film for a rainy afternoon p
and poor ewan mcgregor is made to look laughable ! z
bottom-of-the-barrel entertainment at its best , n
mediocre even for surrender 's output and clearly a new budget low for them also . n
stupid or not z
this is one of those cheaply made tv movie were the character n
and gary stretch is surprisingly good and a treat for the lady ! p
this movie was bad . n
it takes place in a perfectly normal society , z
poorly-done n
suggested this film to stanley kuick as an example of an excellent sf movie . p
what a disappointing piece of schlock . n
was also a funny book ) . z
( and fascinating beginning ) p
it is obscurity was its greatest asset it seems . p
but add this film to your batch of forgettable comedy like `` meet wally spark '' p
i found this movie excruciatingly dull . n
but the best performance is grant 's . z
and it usually just has the feel of a really bad n
are not going to get much fun out of what is essentially a fun movie . n
superbly directed and edited . p
because the relationship between pembleton and bayliss was always the strongest part of an all-together great show . p
if it were a worse movie . n
then you have wasted your time . n
it was funny , p
( at best ) z
this film is an excellent example of the triumph of content and style over empty-headed flashing light and constant loud noise.essentially , p
( she won the french cesar for best actress ) . z
-- annoying machine gun editing n
( that are for the most part very predictable ) , p
it is just stupid . p
the movie was below mediocre . n
unfortunately n
because i consider this to be the best ecological film of the70 . p
it was great to see amit perform with such force and humor after a long exile . p
please avoid . n
and do not be too hard on its little imperfection . z
his character 's constant reference to fictional cop are a poor effort at irony . n
this would all be funny , z
there through most of the movie thinking `` is this supposed to be funny '' n
which is probably the best way z
there is a great deal of material from the modesty blaise comic z
with the great dr. uwe boll in attendance.the film is z
with an amazing amount of television writer behind the script z
it is a beautiful and respectful rendering of one of the western culture 's defining texts.i was moved by the plight of odysseus and his follower ; p
even with the riffing this movie was excruciatingly bad . n
as peep till the closing credit began to roll.this is not a perfect film ; n
and will be adding it to the dvd collection soon.it rate a 9.1/10 from ... the fiend : . p
even that is not fun to watch in this movie . n
it is a `` fun '' witchcraft movie p
the flow of the film works perfectly and editing was very well done . p
the truth is for every great episode , z
it won the oscar for best picture , p
but it was too funny to be a thriller , z
olympia dukakis and billie whitelaw make this an unforgettable experience . p
are quite superbly authentic p
it is great p
and it sounded great . p
if you do decide to waste 2 hour of your life by watching this film , n
fantastical and original world like no author before her . p
all dog go to heaven could very well leave a bad taste in your mouth . n
and nadija is beautiful , p
about that period of time this is the perfect one . p
excellent casting and excellent acting . p
think back to that day of the outcry of family of loved one . z
horrible murder z
director ron howard really surprises with this fun little christmas movie.main reason p
poorly translated . n
is fine in his scene with brando and miiko taka shows great restraint in her initial characterization as an anti-american . p
it was a terrible main event n
superb animation p
accompanied by a wonderfully arranged soundtrack , p
the best thing p
that nerd should not have fun of any sort z
you can make an excellent case z
the production is poor , n
a wonderful period for irish film.my left foot is a powerful outstanding film.daniel day-lewis plays the crippled christy brown so well and so illiantly and the same goes for hugh o conner p
with a stupid screenplay n
it is a great story about how one person , p
they are pitted against each other for the warring couple.it is a poor attempt at copying the original classic and the song are quite appalling . n
it is visual imagery is stunningly crafted and beautiful , p
too bad n
the `` song '' are dreadful n
which nonetheless unspools like a mere imitation of laurel and hardy 's best work - n
it has a very weak script . n
his best moment are the one i treasure in actor : z
david allen 's funky herky-jerky stop motion animation dinosaur is the authentic gnarly article , p
so i am surprised at some of the bad comment on it . p
but i just did not want anyone else to get their hope up/waste their time . n
that hbo had done a great job in casting jame as tony . p
beautiful but flawed z
but very disappointing . n
that director 's most famous and supposed `` masterpiece '' turns out to be an irredeemably dull and irritating film . n
he was the most wonderful albert peterson ever - p
i would be best served z
best leading lady in a comedy p
nearly the entire cast is incredible . p
the directing and cinematography are excellent , p
bottom line - do not waste your time . n
the acting is about as bad n
10/10 p
much of it is very funny p
it fails miss flyte . n
the movie managed to be completely predictable.the saddest thing n
is quite funny . p
the rest of the movie was just boring.in the first hour or so nothing really happens.jokes n
it is the best talking animal movie p
while not a beautiful movie to watch , n
and it has a tense and exciting storyline as well as great fight scene . p
that billy has a very weak stomach and puke at almost anything . z
she does her best to make it all work . p
that she inherited from her mother and father.the actor and actress in this were perfect for the part they played . p
it must be great '' z
group of buddy are throwing popcorn and abusive insult at each other and the screen . z
what happens from this is even more fascinating , z
with alexis smith a beautiful romantic sparring partner and perpetual sidekick alan hale along for good measure z
i can appreciate and/or forgive bad z
the acting was not extremely bad for a made for tv flick , z
the trailer made it look funny p
to use their flamethrower z
another great orchestral score by max steiner helps keep the drama rolling - all in all p
the ending of the movie was about as predictable n
this is one of the worst film adaptation of a musical ever made . n
and lacks the annoying musical scene replaying in the former one , n
and bad music . n
if your show makes me long for the worst trek show ever , n
and ultimately just a bit of fun . z
it was my favorite scene in the movie , z
stupid , n
but it is well-done and thoroughly enjoyable . p
this film is a wonderfully simplistic work . p
until it becomes convoluted and stupid . n
`` fungicide '' is an absolute travesty of film-making . n
that the creator of best intention and pelle the conqueror could make such a bleak and boring film . n
that ridiculous . n
streisand 's beautiful rendition of the oscar winning song 'evergreen ' . p
the repeated blowing up of the beautiful house in the middle of a desert z
uninspired framing and poor actor direction . n
i may have enjoyed the film more . z
so i eagerly anticipated `` caprica '' and i was not disappointed.i was hoping p
to make matter worse n
roz kelly as tony 's lusty former flame z
and less boring had it a few saving grace like a good score p
this movie is just plain bad . n
that could be classed as frightening in any sense and the predictable ending could have been executed better z
there is worse ... z
and how they eventually fall in love would have made it a much more enjoyable film.the z
the movie '' is still a great watch . p
all in all an excellent film p
this is that perfect movie they would show on comedy central . p
to finish it of plato 's run is an enjoyable effort from nu image film p
one of the best being the segment about an old couple , z
who have gone on to great career z
you will be infinitely disappointed by this dismal , n
and loved it every bit as much as the first time . p
unfortunately there is a bit too much story n
( aielo pulling over at his beloved off ramp ) z
or be watched and loved world-wide . p
it offers us only a few thrill and one really creepy sequence with skeleton in the fireplace.a lot of computer generated special effect and nothing more.catherine zeta-jone is beautiful as always , n
unfortunately n
bad direction n
it is just unfunny humor . n
except worse and with mundane special effect.i have nothing against the actor n
instead we get some smart dialog and great performance in a film p
bad plot n
but the cast was so utterly terrible n
where `` my girl '' provoked a genuine feeling of sadness and some genuinely funny moment , z
all the other become more boring and boring . n
the best soap i have ever seen . p
but this is most definitely the best . p
( played by cult classic favorite z
this film is awful . n
the frustrating part is that it is 1/3 of a great film . n
noir . z
and the movie looks great p
